I am Izaque.
I woke up and thought of a dining room that was in front of where I was lying, through the wall.
I was at the Castle of Friendship, or Twilight's Castle.
The sun shone through my window, waking me up lightly and saying good morning to me, I felt a good morning heat in my body.
I saw that my backpack was at the foot of the bed and went to the dining room.
Twilight Sparkle and Spike were there eating, there was bread, pancakes, and coffee.
I ate breakfast while talking to them, and after that, I said that I was going to read a book.

Then I walked to the library that was on the side of the room where Twilight and Spike sleep.
I read the story of Ponyville, and Twilight came in to read a book.
"Hey Izaque, I think I'm gonna read some Daring Do", said her.
"Ah, it looks good, I'm reading the Ponyville story", I replied.
We read until the afternoon, I marked the page with a highlighter and told Twilight that I was going to do something in the city.

After that, I came to my room and placed the book "Story of Ponyville" on the bookshelf.
Then I picked up the backpack and walked outside.
I stepped on the tallest staircase at the entrance to the Twilight castle and large white wings emerged from inside the backpack.
I started to fly in the sky, feeling the breeze and the wind hit me.
Then I came to visit Pinkie Pie and asked for fourteen cupcakes, she packed them and gave the box of cupcakes to me.
I opened my backpack and gave her some bits.

Then I started walking towards the door, I said to her to tell Fluttershy and Rarity about the afternoon breakfast that we were going to have at sixteen o’clock.

She said she will tell them and after that, I flew away.
I flew to Rainbow Dash’s house that is on the clouds, I told her that we are going to eat afternoon breakfast at sixteen o’clock and she said she will come.
Then I came to Applejack’s barn of apples, she said she will come too, and I said I wanted an apple.
She kicked the tree and an apple fell on the ground, I grabbed it and ate it.
I said thanks and flew away, then, I came to Crystal Castle again and landed in the door, after that, I said: "I'm back".

I came to the library and Twilight was still reading the book she picked up, I said that our friends are coming here to the afternoon breakfast.
She smiled while looking at me.
I said that I bought cupcakes, came to the kitchen and put them in the fridge.
Then I thought of going to my room, but after that, I thought of organizing the table.
I went to the dining room and arranged the table using my orange aura magic.
I put on coffee, cupcakes, bread, and pancakes, then went to the living room to wait until sixteen o'clock.

When it was almost sixteen o'clock, I told Twilight and Spike and we sat at the table waiting for the hour to come.

Then it is time, but nobody came, then it was sixteen and eight minutes o'clock, Fluttershy arrived on the door of the dining room.
After that, Pinkie Pie arrived, then Rarity.
Rainbow Dash arrived too, Applejack came in.
They sat at the table and started to eat the food, Twilight was sat facing me, and Spike on the right of her eating some pancakes.
Applejack sat on the right of Spike.
Pinkie Pie was at my left, Fluttershy was at my right.
Rainbow Dash at the right of Fluttershy, and Rarity was at the right of Rainbow Dash.

Fluttershy was eating some bread while drinking coffee.
Twilight asked Rainbow what she has done lately, she said she was training in the Wonderbolts and said she got better at flying.

Then Twilight asked Fluttershy the same and she said she was just taking care of animals in her house.
And said that a beautiful bird asked for her help.
Rarity was drinking some coffee.

Pinkie Pie said she was selling candy at the Sugarcube Corner, and Discord appeared there asking for all the cakes in her shop, then after she packed them all, he said he didn't need the cakes anymore, and she got like "What?!, you don't want any more cakes?!".
Rainbow Dash was eating some pancakes, she thought they were delicious.

Twilight asked Applejack the same and she said that something special happened to her, that she found a golden apple at the barn.
Rarity said she was making dresses for somebody that was going to need them for a party.
Pinkie Pie was eating some cupcakes.

Then they finished eating and said goodbye to me, Twilight and Spike.
I cleaned the table with the help of Twilight and Spike.

I sat a little in the dining room with Twilight, I was looking at her eyes and she blushed and asked what I was looking at, I laughed and said it was nothing.

I said:
"You're so cute Twilight, I never get tired of looking at you! cutie, hehe :3" while smiling.

She blushed more and said:
"Thank you Izaque, you're so kind! I love you, you cutie :3".

Then I flew close to her and hugged her tight, smiling and blushing.
She said "hehe" and smiled back at me.

I said:
"I love you Twilight, too, my cute baby."

I was so happy at that moment.

I said I was going to my room to read a little.
I picked up the "Story of Ponyville" book to read more, it was so good and interesting, I could spend days reading it.

After a while, night came, I bookmarked the page I was on and went outside my room, Twilight locked the door of the castle.
She looked at me and said good night while smiling, hugged me, I said good night and smiled, she then walked to her room.
I walked inside my room and laid on my bed, closing my eyes and covering myself with the blanket.

Then after a while, still with my eyes closed, trying to sleep, still awake, I keep hearing the sounds of nature.
The window is half-closed and the moonlight passes through it, allowing me to see the bedroom a little bit.
It is raining heavily outside, with thunder and lightning strikes, I love to sleep in days like this, and with rain and thunders.

I hear my bedroom door opening, I thought I left it closed before lying on my bed a few minutes ago.
Then I hear Twilight's voice, she says, "Hey, Izaque... I can't sleep... can I... sleep with you?...".
After hearing her voice, I turn to the front of the bed and look at her, she is blushing and scared.
I can't do anything but accept, I say:
"Of course Twily, come here...".
"O-Ok..." she says.

She lays by my side and I look at her beautiful face, then smile at her, she is so cute, I caress her mane, it is soft.
Twilight smiles at me, I smile back.
"Hey Izaque...", says her.
"Yes?" I ask.
"Can you hug me, please? I'm cold..." asks her.
Then I saw that she didn't have a blanket on.
I covered her with the blanket and hugged her, caressing her mane again, I gave a small kiss on her cheek.
She smiled happily at me and closed her eyes.
"I love you Izaque..." said her.
"I love you too, Twilight, my pretty little thing..." I answered.
We sleep together, hugging hard, I smile while I sleep.
I feel Twilight's body hugging me and I'm very happy, I have good dreams about her.