After a week without talking with Mizuhara or his grandmother, Izaque finally replies to their messages.
He tells Mizuhara that he will tell his grandmother that Ruka is his girlfriend now, Mizuhara understands it and accepts it.
Izaque tells his grandmother that he has a new girlfriend now, and that he broke up with Mizuhara.
She cries while talking with him by a phone call, she say she liked Mizuhara so much, and was sad that Izaque had broke up with her.
His grandmother tells Izaque to show her his new girlfriend, he says yes.
Then she says that she will come to Izaque's house when his girlfriend was there, Izaque agrees, then he says goodbye and hangs up the call.

Izaque sends a text message to Ruka, saying:
"Hey Ruka, everything worked out right, my grandma cried when I told her that I broke up with Mizuhara.
But she accepted after some time, she said that she wants to meet you when you go here at my house."
Ruka replies, saying:
"B-But... Me? At your house?! That's embarrassing Izaque..."
"I know... but... we're dating, aren't we?" replies him.
"Yes... Hm... Okay... I'll go there now okay?" asks her.
"Okay my love," says Izaque, Ruka sends a flushed emoji to him.
Then Ruka gets ready and pickup her things, getting ready to go to Izaque's house.

She arrives there and knocks on the door.
He walks to the door and opens it, looking at Ruka.
"Hello honey..." says Ruka, smiling while blushing.
"Hello my love," says Izaque, smiling too.
Ruka walks closer to Izaque, entering his house, she hugs him tight, "Do you love me, Izaque?" asks her, closing her eyes while feeling the hug.
"Yes... I love you Ruka-chan, you're so cute," says Izaque, caressing her hair with his eyes closed.
"I love you too, Izaque-kun," says Ruka, enjoying the caress and the cuddle.
"So, do you wanna come in?" asks Izaque, breaking out from the hug, leaving his hands on the shoulders of Ruka.
"Yes, excuse me (Hai, ojama shimasu)," says Ruka, walking inside the house.
Then Izaque closes the door, Ruka sits on the ground, close to a table.
"I'm gonna get something for you to drink, my love (watashi no ai わたし　の　あい)," says Izaque, who walks to his fridge, grabbing a cup and the water, filling the cup, he places the cup of water on top of the table.
"Thanks, sweetheart (Arigatogosaimasu, koibito ありがとごさいます　恋人)," says Ruka, who drinks the water and smiles at Izaque.
Izaque sits in front of Ruka, close to the table, he looks at her while smiling, "So... Ruka-chan," says him, blushing.
"Yes honey? (Hāihanī? ハーイハニー?)," asks Ruka, smiling.
"So... I... Like... I had... an orgasm... while thinking of you... (`Sore de... Watashi wa... No yō ni... Watashi wa... Ōgazumu o... Anata no koto o kangaete iru ma... 「それで...私は...のように...私は...オーガズムを...あなたのことを考えている間...)" says Izaque, blushing a lot, looking at the side, avoiding eye contact.
Ruka gets blushed from top to bottom, getting red like a tomato while looking at Izaque.
"R-Really? (H-Hontōni?)" asks Ruka, avoiding eye contact with him.
"Y-Yes... Sorry... (H-Hai... Gomenasai...)" says Izaque, blushing.
"It's alright... (Daijōbudesu...)" says Ruka, blushing a lot.
"Hm... do you really love me that much?" asks Ruka, still avoiding eye contact.
"Yes... I love you very much Ruka," says Izaque, getting up and sitting close to Ruka, hugging her tight.
"I love you too, honey," says Ruka, who gives a quick kiss on Izaque's lips, blushing.