Littletato was a potato that lived alone, she was always traveling and walking through cities, she loved to live, and to see new things.
She was nineteen years old.
The potato stopped by a city called San Francisco and started looking to the stores, the people, and the weather.
San Francisco was a city where vegetables and fruits could live safely without humans close.
She found another potato while walking in San Francisco, they started talking a little.
The name of that potato was Julia, she was pink and had eighteen years old, they noticed that they had a lot in common.
"Hey, do you like to read stories?" asked Littletato.
"Yes, I love it! What about you Littletato?" asked Julia.
"Me too, hehe, it's so good to know someone that likes the same thing as you," said Littletato.
"I agree," replied Julia, smiling.
Julia said that she lived alone, paying rent.
Then Julia gave her number to Littletato, so they can talk again.
Littletato said that she was a traveler girl, and maybe she would not stay in San Francisco.
Julia was a little sad about that, she liked Littletato.

Littletato got a bus and started traveling through the city again.
She was thinking about Julia, about her hair and her gentle voice.
Littletato thought that she was in love.
Just thinking about her voice made her smile.
She was reflecting and looking down while the bus was moving.
Littletato told the bus driver to stop so she could get out.
She started walking around the city, with her phone and her things.
The girl thought that she liked to code sometimes, to make apps and programs to help her.
She thought that she would like to work on a programming job, it would be fun.

Then the girl started looking for programming jobs in San Francisco on the Internet.
She found one and signed up for the interview.
Littletato spent her night at a hotel.
In the morning, she woke up and got a bus to the place of the interview.
It was a company called "Interworks Technologies".
She entered the building and someone received her.
Then Littletato made the interview and waited for them to reply.
Some time has passed, it was already night, she came back to the hotel and grabbed her phone, looking at the number of Julia.
(Vegesapp is an app that you can install in your smartphone, it lets you chat with people, you need a phone number and a sim card to use it.)
She sent a message to her via Vegesapp, saying:
"Hey Julia, it's me, Littletato.
I'm thinking about staying in San Francisco.
It seems to be a good city.
I made a job interview today, I hope I can get it."

Julia replied some minutes later:
"Oh, really?!
I'm so happy because of it.
Well... good luck! I hope you get the job Littletato ^^."

"Thanks, I appreciate it.
You're happy because I'm gonna stay?" said Littletato.

"Yes, I think you're cool, and I like you... as a friend... you consider me your friend?" asked Julia.

"Yes, I consider you my friend, and thanks, I think you're cool too Julia, hehe," replied Littletato.

"Hehe, I'm gonna sleep now Littletato, good night, sleep tight ^^," said Julia.
"Good night Julia, see you tomorrow I guess. :3," said Littletato.

Then Littletato slept, when she woke up, she noticed that she received a message on her phone.
She turned it on to check it, it was from the company that interviewed her, she was accepted on the job.
Littletato was so happy, she was smiling a lot, and sent a message to Julia to tell her.
"Hey Julia, I got the job!" said her.
"Really?! That's great! I knew you could make it, congrats Littletato!" replied Julia.

Littletato started working on the job, three months had passed, she was thinking about renting a house.
The relationship between Julia continued to grow stronger and stronger.
Littletato was in the hotel, she already worked today.
She picked up her phone and opened the Vegesapp app.
Then she started to text Julia, saying:
"Hey... Julia, I have something to tell you...
Hm... can I ask you something first?"

"Hm... yes, go on," replied Julia.
"Can we meet at that coffee shop where we met for the first time?" asked Littletato.
"Okay, I'll go prepare myself, when are you going to be there?" asked Julia.
"At 6 PM," replied Littletato.
"Okay," said Julia.

Then Littletato started preparing herself.
Both of them arrived there, they asked for a decaf coffee.
"So... what do you want to tell me Littletato?" asked Julia, while looking at Littletato's eyes.
"Hm... so... I... love you, Julia... you're so gentle with me, and helped me a lot.
I think your hair is cute, your voice too, you're so beautiful..." said Littletato, a little hesitant.

"Um... thanks Littletato... I... love you too... you're cute, I like your hair.
I like the fact that I have the same interests as you," said Julia, smiling while looking at Littletato.

Littletato picked up her chair and sat at the side of Julia, she hugged her and said "I love you," Julia said the same.
They looked at each other lips, their heads started to come closer and Littletato gave a quick kiss in Julia.
Littletato and Julia started kissing more deeply now, hugging tight, feeling happy, and in love.

After kissing for some time, Littletato stopped the kiss for shortness of breath.
She looked at Julia's eyes, in love with her.
Littletato asked if Julia wanted to rent a house with her, with both of them dividing the rent.
Julia said yes, and they moved to a house in a small neighborhood in San Francisco.
The house was very good, it had planned furniture, a good bathroom, air conditioning, hot water.
Julia did not work, she said that she had some money stored in her bank account, so she could pay her old rent easily.
Littletato said that she was going to work to pay the rent, and maybe to buy the house.

...

Some months had passed, Littletato worked hard, she managed to buy the house from the owner.
Then Littletato and Julia started living there, eating, drinking.
Julia said that she was very happy, being with Littletato.
Littletato arrived home from her job, she entered the house and locked the front door.
Julia was sat on the couch of the living room, watching TV.
Littletato sat by her side and hugged her tight, kissing her lips.
Julia made dinner for both of them and they ate.
They both walked to the bedroom and laid on the bed, covering themselves with the blanket.
Littletato hugged Julia tight from behind and kissed her neck.
Julia shivered and closed her eyes.
"I love you Littletato," said Julia.
"I love you too Julia," said Littletato.
They slept peacefully in the night, waiting for tomorrow.