It was a Wednesday, Littletato was sleeping and dreaming.
She was dreaming of a dream where she was lying on a cloud while looking at the sun, Julia was at her side.
The cloud was pink and was high in the sky, Littletato looked down and saw the cities and buildings from up there.
She did not have a fear of falling even if it was so high.
Suddenly, a man sitting on a white cloud appeared there with an acoustic guitar.
His cloud was moving a little slow and he started to sing in Mexican while playing his acoustic guitar.
He said his name was Miguel and he continued to sing.
Julia and Littletato thought that was so romantic, to hear him sing that song.
Miguel said it was a song about his great-grandmother.
"Remember me...
Though I have to say goodbye
Remember me
Don't let it make you cry," sang him while playing his acoustic guitar.
Littletato and Julia were touched and little tears fell from their eyes.
Then Miguel has gone away while sitting in his cloud.

After that, another cloud appeared there, it was a wide orange cloud and there was a stage on top of it with large loudspeakers.
The cloud moved to the front of Julia and Littletato then stopped moving.
A boy appeared there with an electric guitar, jamming it, he was in the middle of the stage.
He said his name was Mizaque, but made it clear that it was with Z.
Mizaque began playing his electric guitar, he was playing a Dubstep song with his guitar.
Julia thought that it was amazing, "How could an electric guitar play Dubstep sounds?" thought her.
Mizaque was playing the Dubstep song and was close to the drop, that was the chorus of the song, the most exciting part.
He played the guitar and sang like "Weeeeum, byoou byoou Twa!, weeeeum, tutututututututu, bwaaaaa, gwah! gwah! bwaaaaaa".
Littletato loved that, even if he looked a little crazy, waving his head to the beat of the song.
Then Mizaque ran away with his orange cloud to play more songs for other people.

Littletato and Julia felt like they were in an allegorical presentation, a lot of people doing things, and both of them watching it.
Then a white cloud moved close to there with nothing on top of it.
The couple thought that it was weird.
After that, a fridge fell from space making a falling sound, it landed on the cloud without breaking or going through the cloud.
A girl with gray hair appeared on top of the fridge, opened it, and grabbed a can of Coca-cola, she said "TPF, the Thought Powered Fridge for your dreams".
Littletato thought that it was an advertisement for a fridge or something.
"Oops," the gray-haired girl looked at her un-existing clock, "I have to go back to my LonelyShip, bye-bye!" said her while smiling and waving her hand, she flew away in her cloud.

Then a boy appeared in a cloud, he had his back to the couple, he was using his computer with his headphones.
The boy said "I'm Teuqazi," he was looking to his screen and writing a story on a website called Littlegrape, it was a purple website that he made.
Teuqazi was listening to some Dubstep songs on his computer while writing.
He was smiling a lot, humming the bass of the song.
The boy got up, removed his earphones, and walked close to a blue fridge, "TPF" was written in the fridge door.
Teuqazi opened the door and picked up a can of Coca-cola from the fridge, then walked to his computer and sat at the chair again.
He opened the Vegecord program on his computer and said "How boring..."
Then he opened the Vegewitter website and said "How boring!"
And then opened the Vegetube website and said "How boring!!!"
After that, he received a message on Vegecord, he went to see who it was, it was a very good friend of him.
He smiled and opened the notification to talk with that person.
Littletato and Julia were happy looking at the boy, they felt his happiness.

Littletato woke up and looked at Julia, she kissed Julia's lips.
She remembered the song that the Mexican man was singing, the boy playing his electric guitar, the gray-haired girl, and the boy writing a story on his computer.
The girl thought that it was a really weird dream.
"How could a fridge fall on a cloud and not pass through it?
It's only a dream, I shouldn't worry about that," thought her.
She looked at the ceiling and thought that she had to go to work, but needed to have breakfast first.
Littletato removed the blanket that was covering her and kissed Julia's forehead.
She got up and walked to the bathroom, looking at the mirror and seeing her messy hair, she washed her face.
The girl sighed and started to brush her teeth, after that, she used some floss and combed her hair.

Then she walked to the kitchen and prepared breakfast, making two sandwiches with eggs, cheese, and mayonnaise.
Littletato picked up two cups and filled them with milk and chocolate powder.
She mixed the chocolate powder with the milk.
The girl walked to the bedroom and lied on the bed, hugging Julia tight.
"I love you, honey," said her, kissing Julia's cheek.
Julia grumbled a little and smiled, still sleeping, she turned to face Littletato and kissed her lips.
"I love you too, my sunshine," said Julia while smiling.
"Let's have breakfast, baby," said Littletato to Julia.
"Okay, honey," replied her.
Julia yawned and stretched out, breaking out from the hug and getting up.
She walked to the bathroom.
"I'll wait for you at the kitchen, hon," said Littletato.
"Okay, hon," said Julia.
She washed her face, brushed her teeth, and used floss.
Then she walked to the kitchen and sat at the table, in front of Littletato.
They started to eat breakfast.
"It's very good, sweetie, thanks," said Julia while eating her sandwich.
"I'm happy that you appreciate it, hon," said Littletato as she smiled to Julia.

They finished eating breakfast, Julia got up and walked to the living room, she sat on the couch and turned the television on.
Littletato came there and kissed Julia's lips.
"I have to go to work, honey," said Littletato to Julia.
"Okay, baby," replied her.
"I love you so much my baby, cutie," said Littletato, who hugged Julia tight.
"I love you too, hon," replied her.
Then Littletato walked to the bedroom and started preparing herself to work.
She walked to the front door and Julia walked there too, Littletato hugged Julia tight and kissed her lips, saying goodbye.
Julia said goodbye back and smiled at Littletato.
Littletato started walking to work while listening to her favorite playlist of country music on her Vegetify app.

Julia locked the front door and walked to the kitchen, she drank her whole bottle of water and filled it up again.
Then she walked to the living room and sat at the couch, looking at the television, her phone by her side.
She felt a little tired and laid on the couch, putting her arm below the pillow.
An advertisement appeared on the television, it had a man saying things.

"Are you tired of your boring life? are you tired of working a full day and doing nothing fun?
Well, if the answer is yes, then I got the right thing to you, come live at the <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://diario.netlify.app/new_world%20%E2%8A%A1/spaceliving%20%F0%9F%93%98/">SpaceLiving Network</a>.
A network of spaceships where you can live happily without having to work at all!
It features a super-fast computer, a fridge that can create any food you think of;
And a laser gun!
Call now to win a free spaceship only for you!" said the man.
Then the advertisement ended.
Julia thought: "What? this must be fake... how they can give a free spaceship to someone? how they're gonna get people inside that spaceship?
A fridge that creates anything you think of? I can't believe that..."
She lowered the volume of the television and closed her eyes to sleep.
Julia was thinking about Littletato, she was sleeping while smiling.
She had good dreams while sleeping in the afternoon.