It was a Friday, Littletato was dreaming of cookies, she ate a lot of cookies.
She asked herself why she always had food dreams, maybe it is because she loved eating stuff.
Littletato was eating cookies, she was sat on a throne, looking at a pile of gold.
She thought that she was a queen or a princess, some royal person.
There was a giant pile of cookies in front of her, she could eat every cookie.
Littletato was wearing a wool coat, it was a stylish thing to wear.
She was known as "The queen of eating" or "The queen of the cookies" because she ate and produced a lot of cookies.
Littletato could press a button and it would make cookies for her.
There were also grandmothers, farms, mines, factories, and mines that produced cookies for her.
Her cookie factory was known everywhere in the world, she was very famous for making cookies.
The TV news was flooded with the news about her and her cookie factory, she was a very good cookie maker.
After some years, cookies became the new currency and people threw the old paper money away.

Then another dream came in, Littletato was driving on a highway with a car that had some purple neon on its sides.
The car's radio was playing a track of the Synth wave genre, Littletato liked to feel the wind on her hair, she liked to listen to the song while driving on the highway.
There were a lot of people on the highway too, driving their cars, Littletato looked at her car and thought that it was a Delorean.
A fast car passed by her, it was a car with red neon on its sides, it looked like a car from a rebel group that tried to fight for freedom in the city where Littletato was.
That group fought for freedom and freedom of speech, they did not agree with the city's governor's choice of monitoring the population.
Littletato stepped on the car's accelerator and came face to face with the person inside the red neon car.
The person lowered the car window, it was a girl that had red LEDs on her hair, she looked punk. had purple eye makeup on her eyes.
"Hey, you're new here, right? Wanna join our group?" asked the girl.
"What your group is about?" asked Littletato.
"We fight for freedom and fight to deactivate the surveillance system that exists in the city, the governor created it to monitor people's life.
We don't want that, we want freedom," said her.
"Oh, that sounds cool, what is your name?" asked Littletato while driving fast, following the red neon car.
"My name is Mika, what's yours?" asked the red LED girl.
"Littletato, nice to meet you Mika," said Littletato.
"Nice to meet you too, Littletato," said Mika, smiling.
Then Littletato drove together with Mika, they arrived at the headquarters of "The Underdogs", the rebel group of Mika.

After that, the dream switched to another dream.
She was seeing a beautiful castle of glass, it was transparent and you could see the things inside it, it was really beautiful.
Behind the castle of glass was a wonderful blue sky and some white clouds, it was like Littletato was high in the sky, close to the clouds.


and she ate a lot of cookies, she woke up, and woke up Julia too, Julia made the breakfast and they ate together, Littletato looked at the clock and it was five and a half in the morning, Julia said that it was a Friday, and that Littletato could rest tomorrow, Littletato was surprised by that, and she said to Julia that she was happy because of that, Littletato and Julia made more things to eat and they put Atypical on the Vegeflix app to watch, they ate and watched till six at morning, and then Littletato prepared herself to her work, she then came to the door and left the house, she waved goodbye to Julia, Julia waved goodbye back, Littletato then started walking to her job, the scenery was beautiful, she was listening to some folk or chill genre on her Vegetify app, she liked those songs along with the beautiful scenery of San Francisco, she then arrived at work, she entered the building where she works, she works fixing apps and smartphones, she had a smartphone to fix today, she fixed it, and her boss had a job for her, to program a new app, a part of a new app, she then programmed, she was happy programming, she likes those lines of code, and to see how the app works, she then finished her part of the code, and sent the file to her coworker for him to make his part of the code, then the job was over, she came back to her house, she left her things in the room and came to the kitchen to eat lunch with Julia, Julia asked how was her job, Littletato said that it was good, she said that she made the part of a new app, she said that she liked to write those lines of code, Julia said that she doesn't understand those stuff and smiled, Littletato smiled back, and Littletato said to Julia that that was the reason she loved Julia, because of that smile, and Julia smiled and said thanks, Littletato gave a kiss in the cheek of Julia, Julia gave a kiss in the cheek of Littletato too, and hugged her, Littletato thought that she was happy, happy to be there, living that life, being happy with Julia, she wanted more of those moments, those happy moments...





