Littletato was coming back home, she finished her work and was carrying a bag of food that she brought from the market.
She found a friend of hers, Littletato made that friend while she was traveling through San Francisco, they met in the bus.
Her friend was a sweet potato called Yam, he was a man.
"Hi Yam, good to see you!" said Littletato looking at Yam.
"Good to see you too, Littletato," replied Yam while smiling.
They talked for some time.
"Hey Littletato, did you know that in Las Vegas they sell meat and vegetable even if there are cows in there?" asked Yam.
"No, I didn't know about that, it is very bad," said Littletato.
"Yeah, I agree," replied Yam, while looking a bit sad.
"Well, I gotta go, my sister is in town again, I brought her favorite chocolates.
I gotta go back home, or else she will be a little angry at me, hehe, see you later Littletato," said Yam, who started walking back home, waving goodbye to Littletato.
"Bye, see you later Yam," replied Littletato, waving goodbye back.

Littletato arrived back home, she talked to Julia about the conversation that she had with Yam.
Julia said that she wanted to meet Yam sometime soon, Littletato said she is going to introduce Yam to her.
Littletato placed the food bag on top of the table and helped Julia prepare the dinner.
They ate dinner together while talking a little.
Julia asked Littletato how her job was today.
Littletato replied that it was pretty cool, she met a new coworker who started working on the company.
Her name was Mia, she was a carrot, Littletato helped her in a problem she had with the program.
Then Julia and Littletato finished eating, they made their necessities and walked to the bedroom.
The couple laid on the bed and covered themselves with the blanket.
Littletato hugged Julia tight because it was cold, they slept.

On the other day, Littletato woke up but Julia did not.
She looked at the clock and saw that it was five in the morning.
Littletato got out of bed and walked to the bathroom to make her morning necessities.
After that, she walked to the kitchen and started making breakfast.
She picked up two mugs and poured milk and chocolate powder on them, mixing the chocolate powder and milk, with the help of a spoon.
Then she picked up two plates and placed two slices of bread on each one.
She grabbed a knife and butter, passing butter on all of the slices of bread.
Then she came back to the bedroom and woke up Julia.
Julia walked to the bathroom to do her morning necessities.

Then they both walked to the kitchen and ate breakfast together.
"You still have some time before going to work, right honey?" asked Julia.
"Yes, why do you ask my dear?" asked Littletato.
"It's because I miss you when you go to work, honey," said Julia, looking a little sad.
Littletato sat at the side of Julia and hugged her tight, giving a kiss on her lips.
"It's okay, honey, when I get back home, I'll be all yours okay?" asked Littletato.
"Okay, hehe, I love you my little potato," said Julia, looking passionately at Littletato.

Then Littletato gave a kiss on the lips of Julia and got up, walking to the living room.
She had a computer in her house, she walked close to it and sat on the chair, turning the computer on.
Julia walked to the bedroom and wore a hoodie, it was a little cold.
Julia had a laptop, she walked to the living room and grabbed it, putting her laptop on the side of Littletato's computer.
She turned it on and started using it, opening the browser to browse the Internet.
After some time using the browser, Julia opened the game Countable Vegetrike 1.6 to play a little.
This game was an FPS or first-person shooter game where you needed to complete an objective.
Littletato looked to her right and noticed Julia there, then she looked to the computer, opened the Vegebook website and logged in her account.
(Vegebook is a website where you can talk to a lot of people and can have a profile, a lot of people use it only to talk and keep contact with their family.)
She looked at the chat, seeing her friends online.
Even if those friends were just digital friends, she was happy to have them.
And she could count on them because they would help her.
Littletato began to roll the page down.
Her friends always posted some news, one news got her attention.
It was news talking about how New York citizens were trying to fight the fruits and wanting freedom.
The news said that the fruits were invading New York and the vegetables did not like that.
Littletato thought that San Francisco was good because of that.
The city of San Francisco was stabilized, no fight between the citizens.

Then Littletato closed the page and started rolling her Vegebook feed again.
Her old friend Yam sent a message to her in Vegebook.
She clicked on the message to see what it was.
Yam said that in New York there were good jobs, that it was a good city to live in.
Littletato replied that she already had a job in San Francisco, and had bought a house too.
She also said that she was living with her girlfriend in it.
Yam said that it was good and that he was happy for Littletato.
He wished happiness for the couple.
Littletato sent a smile emoji and said thanks.
"And you Yam, do you have a girlfriend?" asked Littletato.
"No, I'm single, hehe, I'm focusing more on my job, and finishing my college," said Yam.
"Oh, what college are you doing?" asked Littletato.
"It's mechanical engineering," replied Yam.
"That sounds very cool, good luck on it!" said Littletato.
"Thanks, Littletato. ^^" said Yam.

She said that she was going to do something else, and said goodbye to Yam, he said goodbye back.
Littletato closed the Vegebook website and opened Vegetube to search for a rock song.
She searched for one and chose it, putting it to play.
Littletato looked to her right and saw Julia, she hugged Julia tight and kissed her lips, saying "I love you".
Julia said I love you back and kissed Littletato's lips.
Julia was still playing the game Countable Vegetrike 1.6.
The girl was in the terrorist team, she needed to plant a bomb, the Counter-terrorist team needed to defuse it.
Julia was very good at it, she had made many kills.

Littletato asked if she could play with her.
Julia said "Yes" and sent the IP of the server she was playing to the Vegesapp of Littletato.
Littletato then opened Vegesapp on the browser of her computer to get the IP.
(Vegesapp is an app that you can install in your smartphone, it lets you chat with people, you need a phone number and a sim card to use it.)
She opened the FPS game, came back to the browser, and copied the IP.
Then opened the game again and pasted the IP.
She started playing the game, she was on the same team as Julia.
Julia was on her right, playing on her laptop.
So when Julia died, Littletato could see where the enemy was, by looking at Julia's screen.
Littletato and Julia had made many kills together.

The couple was a little tired, they turned off their devices and Julia left her laptop charging.
It was eleven at night, Littletato started preparing dinner with Julia.
They ate together and waited a little to sleep, they drank some bottles of water too.
Littletato and Julia locked the front door and turned off the lights.
Littletato held Julia in her arms, walking with her to the bedroom.
Then she left Julia laid on the bed and laid beside her, covering both of them with the blanket.
She kissed Julia's lips and hugged her tight, sleeping with her.