After her trip to a SpaceLiving spaceship, Littletato arrived home safely, it was morning, Julia was worried, she asked where Littletato was, Littletato explained everything to her and told her to not be worried, then Julia brew some coffee for Littletato, they ate together, they also gave food to Lisa, Littletato looked at her dog and thought about Lisa, her friend from SpaceLiving, she had a lot of good times with her and Izaque, she was very happy there, Littletato wished to make another trip to a SpaceLiving spaceship, she told Julia about the trip she made, Julia said she wanted to make a trip to a spaceship just like that, and thought it would be awesome.

Littletato then installed Vegecord on her laptop so she can talk with Lisa, Izaque and other friends from SpaceLiving, unfortunately, her old account wasn't there, she didn't have her friends, Littletato thought that her account only existed in the SpaceLiving world, and she couldn't access it if she wasn't on a spaceship, then she created another account on Vegecord, she joined some servers, Littletato thought about Izaque, she wanted to talk to him again, she tried to remind something about him, some profile on the internet she could talk to him, she remembered about a story Izaque sent to her, Clone Network, she typed the website URL and opened the page, after analyzing and searching a little she found out that Izaque used stake2 on the internet as a nickname, she searched on VegeWattpad for an author called stake2 and she found his profile, she started reading a weird story called "Life of Littletato", it looked like her name written there, she thought to herself:
"It's my name over there?...".

She started reading, it had a picture of a potato at the start of it, she thought that was weird but also funny, she read through the whole thing and started reading the next chapter, Littletato thought about making a comment on it, she created an account to do it, and she commented in the first chapter of the story of stake2 saying:
"Hey... it looks like I'm in this story... that is weird, are you stalking me or something?, I feel observed, like there's a lot of cameras looking at me right now O_O, how did you write this, and why?... and how did you know about all that stuff?".

Then after a few minutes, stake2 replied saying:
"Hey... I am your creator Littletato, I created you in... 05/08/2017 I guess, I created an account here at Wattpad, and I created a story just to test the website, I thought about "potato" and it became you and your story, "Life of Littletato", it has a website too, I created you and your reality, you live in a different universe than mine, I am not the Izaque of the SpaceLiving universe, I'm the Izaque of the Earth universe, I loved to create you, Pequenata/Littletato, you're my creation, and I love you... &lt;3 :3"

Then Littletato worked and ate afternoon breakfast with Julia, after that she opened her laptop and opened the VegeWattpad page, she opened the page of the first chapter of Life of Littletato, she started writing a reply to stake2's comment, to the comment of Izaque, she replied saying:
"Hey Izaque... so you're my creator right?, now I see you as a father... my reality was created by you right?... so I guess I'm happy because of that, thanks for creating me Izaque, thanks for giving life to this story, I love you so much Izaque... thank you, I'm really glad because of that... I love the fact that you gave Julia and Lisa to me, and that experience with SpaceLiving was awesome!, thank you, also, can I have your Discord?, thank you Izaque, I love you, my creator, my father, my Daddy &lt;3 :3, I hope you have a good day or a good night... thank you, I love you &lt;3 :3"

She posted the comment and felt relieved, she was getting a lot of things out of her chest, she watched an anime and turned off her laptop after that, then slept with Julia, awaiting for Izaque's answer, it was a cold night, she hugged Julia tight, and slept a happy night.

...

It was raining in the next morning, Littletato wanted to go to work and she was prepared, she had an umbrella, she woke up, ate breakfast with Julia and said goodbye to her, Julia said goodbye back, Littletato started walking to her job while listening to a Chillstep mixtape on Vegetube, she arrived there while using the umbrella, then she entered the building, closed it and stored it on one of the cabinets of the building, she walked to her desk, sat on the chair and started fixing an app that had bugs, after that, she wanted a coffee break because she was tired, Mia, her coworker was there, Littletato talked with Mia about things like jobs, life, relationships, Mia said she was single, Littletato said she was dating someone, Mia said "Good luck with your partner!" and Littletato said "Thank you!", Mia asked Littletato:
"Can I come to your house someday?".

Littletato replied:
"Sure... when do you want to visit me?"

Mia said:
"Next week maybe? on Friday..."

Littletato replied:
"That sounds like a good day, feel free to come by"

Mia replied:
"Thank you!"

After that, Littletato came back to work and after the job was over, she walked back home and hugged Julia, then ate the afternoon breakfast with her, she gave some food to Lisa too, Littletato was excited to see Izaque's reply, she turned on her laptop and opened VegeWattpad again, a notification appeared saying that Izaque replied to her comment.

Izaque replied saying:
"Hey Littletato, I love you, my daughter, my little blossom :3, I'll send you my Vegecord id on the messages of VegeWattpad okay? &lt;3"

Then Izaque sent his Vegecord id on the inbox of Littletato, she added him and started talking with him, she thanked him for creating her, and he said that he is very proud of creating her, Littletato said to Izaque:
"Thanks, Daddy &lt;3".

After that, Littletato listened to some music and talked to some friends on Vegecord and Vegebook, then she closed her laptop and came to her room to sleep with Julia, she hugged Julia and slept with her.