Littletato woke up at six in the morning, looking at the sun hitting the bedroom's window crack, which was closed.
She was a little tired, so she hugged Julia and slept again.

After some time sleeping, the clock ringed and Littletato woke up.
She looked at the time, it was eleven in the morning.
She got out of bed and walked to the bathroom to do her morning necessities.
After that, Littletato walked to the kitchen to prepare breakfast.
Littletato prepared coffee with milk for her and Julia, leaving the two mugs on top of the table.
She prepared some slices of bread with butter too.

Then Littletato walked to the bedroom and kissed Julia's cheeks, saying:
"Good morning, honey."

Julia slowly opened her eyes and looked at Littletato.
Littletato laid beside Julia and kissed her lips.
Julia smiled while looking at Littletato, hugging her tight.
Littletato hugged back and caressed Julia's hair, telling her that breakfast was ready.

Julia walked to the bathroom to do her morning needs.
She brushed her teeth, used some floss, and combed her hair.
Then she walked to the kitchen, Littletato walked there with her.
They both sat on the table and started eating.
Julia and Littletato loved the taste of coffee in the morning.
Julia looked at Littletato and said that she was going to call her sister to come by for a visit.
Littletato said that she wished to meet Julia's sister, smiling.
Julia smiled back and said:
"I'm glad that you want to meet her, honey, hehe, thanks," said Julia.
"Hehe, no problem hon," replied Littletato.

Then Littletato finished eating and got up, going to the bedroom to prepare herself to work.
Julia grabbed her phone and sent a message to her sister, asking if she would like to visit the house of Julia.
Her sister replied positively, saying that she was going to arrive there at six and a half in the afternoon.
Julia walked to the bedroom and kissed Littletato's cheek, smiling.
Littletato kissed Julia back and finished preparing herself to work.
She grabbed her backpack and her phone, then walked to the living room's door.
Littletato said that she was going to get back home at six in the afternoon.
Julia said that her sister was going to arrive at six and a half in the afternoon.
Then Littletato smiled and said goodbye to Julia, kissing her lips.
Julia said goodbye back, smiling and waving her hand, then she locked the door of the house.

Littletato started walking to her work while listening to some songs on her phone.
She arrived at the building where she worked, she walked inside it and arrived at her desk.
Littletato sat at her chair and turned on her computer.
Her coworker Mia was on the desk at the left of Littletato.
After turning her computer on, she opened a code editor and started fixing the errors of an app.
Littletato some times was asked to fix smartphones at work, she knew how to fix them.
While Littletato was working, Julia was preparing the house for her sister's visit, cleaning, and organizing it.
Her sister was called Patricia, she was nineteen years old, Julia had eighteen.

Littletato programmed more and more, fixing all the errors on the app.
Mia said that she needed some help, and Littletato helped her.
Mia was not understanding how she was supposed to do a part of the app that her boss told her.
So Littletato explained that to her and gave a few examples too, showing these examples on the screen of Littletato's computer.
After that, Mia said thanks and smiled at Littletato, then she continued doing her job.
Littletato continued programming, she tested the app to see if the errors still happened.
They did not happen again, she started working at the visual part of another app.

Hours passed and Littletato finished her job, she got out of the building and started walking.
She was walking back home while listening to some songs on her phone.
Then she noticed some televisions on a shop window, Littletato paused the music and listened to the TV.
It said that a war was happening in Las Vegas and the vegetables were fighting against some animals that were invading the city.
Littletato became a little sad to know that, she picked up her phone and opened the gallery app.
She looked at a picture of her and Julia hugging tight, smiling.
Littletato smiled and became a little happier, forgetting about the war in Las Vegas.
She looked at the time and saw that it was almost six and a half in the afternoon.
Littletato turned off the phone screen and started walking back home again.
The girl arrived there and opened the front door.
She kissed Julia's lips and hugged her, after that, she walked to the bedroom and changed herself.
They both walked to the living room and waited for Patricia to come by.

After some time waiting, Patricia arrived.
Littletato said hello to Patricia and she said hello back.
Julia said that Littletato was her girlfriend, and Patricia was happy to know that.
Patricia hugged Julia tight and said: "I missed you so much, sis!"
"I missed you too, sis," replied Julia.
Then Patricia walked close to Littletato and shook her hand.
Patricia sat on the couch and smiled at Littletato, they started to talk.