Patricia said that there were great jobs in the city that she lived.
Littletato said that she already had a great job in San Francisco, working on a technology company.
"Oh, that's great Littletato," said Patricia.
"Thanks," replied Littletato.
"So, what you been up to, sis?" asked Patricia.
"Nothing much, I just bought this house with my girlfriend and we are living here.
This city is great," replied Julia.

Julia walked to the kitchen and started making the afternoon coffee.
Then Littletato and Patricia walked to the kitchen, the trio started to eat while talking.
"So, how is your job, Littletato?" asked Patricia.

"Well, I work in a technology company, I make apps, programs, and fix smartphones sometimes.
It is great, programming has been a great passion for me.
I'm so happy, hehe," replied Littletato while smiling, looking at Patricia.

"Oh, that's great, I'm happy for you Littletato, or, should I say... sister-in-law?" asked Patricia.
"Yes, you're my sister-in-law, hehe," said Littletato while smiling a little.

Patricia smiled back and looked to Julia, asking: "So, do you work, Julia?"
"No, only Littletato works," replied Julia, looking at Littletato.
"I see," said Patricia.
"What do you work with, Patricia?" asked Littletato.
"I am a designer, I design the logos and banners for the companies," replied Patricia.
"Oh, that sounds cool," replied Littletato.
"Thanks," replied Patricia while smiling.
"Do you have any hobbies, Littletato?" asked Patricia.

"Yes, I code, I also like to play games on my computer.
Some times I and Julia get out for a walk or the park, or a bike ride, what about you, Patricia?" asked Littletato.

"I like to go to the gym, play games too, and listen to music, rock, metal, electronic, I also do barbecue sometimes," said Patricia while giggling a little.
"That looks to be very fun," replied Littletato while smiling a little.

After talking a little, Patricia was leaving, she needed to go back to the city she lives in.
The trio walked to the front door, Patricia hugged Julia and told her to sent her a message on Vegesapp.
Patricia shook the hand of Littletato.
The couple said goodbye to Patricia while smiling.
Patricia got inside her car and turned it on, she waved goodbye to Julia and Littletato, driving away.
Julia turned to Littletato and smiled, hugging her.
"So, do you liked my sister, hon?" asked Julia.
"Yes, she's pretty interesting, hon," replied Littletato, kissing Julia's lips.
"Hehe, I'm happy because of that, I love you so much honey," said Julia.
"I love you too, my little potato," replied Littletato.

The couple walked inside the house, it was eleven at night.
They locked the front door of the house, Julia walked to the kitchen with Littletato.
Julia started looking for something to eat, she decided to prepare rice and beans for dinner.
Littletato helped her prepare dinner, they finished it and sat at the table to eat.
"Hey, honey, when I moved into San Francisco, I thought that it would be hard for me to get used to the city, it is so big.
But since we started living together, I gained a lot of confidence, and I don't fear the city anymore.
Because of you, so... thanks, honey," said Julia, looking at Littletato.

"Hehe, no problem, honey, I'm glad that I could help you boost your confidence, honey, I was scared at first too.
But seeing you, living here with no problem, listening to you say what you think about the city and why you love it...
It made me love San Francisco here, and it made me love you too, it made me want to live with you here.
I was loving you so much at that time when I started working in San Francisco.
And I still love you very much, honey," said Littletato, who gave a kiss on Julia's lips.
Julia smiled and kissed Littletato back, continuing to eat.
They both finished eating and did their night necessities, they walked to the bedroom and laid on the bed.
Covering themselves with the blanket, hugging tight, and sleeping together, having good dreams.

Some hours have passed, Littletato woke up and looked at the hours, it was six in the morning.
She got up and walked to the bathroom to do her morning needs.
After that, Littletato walked to the kitchen and picked up her phone.
She put to play a song of an anime called <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cs_wheBIvs">Yuru Camp</a>, it was a very calm song with violins, banjos, and flutes.
The anime was about girls camping, Littletato loved that anime, it was so calming and relaxing.
She was very happy listening to the songs of the anime and was also happy when she watched the anime for the first time.
Yuru Camp reminded her of her childhood memories and when she rode her bicycle, the mornings she had.
It was a very good song, she started to prepare breakfast while listening to it.
Littletato made a sandwich for her and Julia, she left the two plates on the table and made a juice for them to drink.
She walked to the bedroom and woke up Julia with a kiss on her lips.
Then Julia got up and walked to the bathroom to do her morning needs.
After that, Julia walked to the kitchen and sat at the table, Littletato was there too, she sat beside Julia.
Julia asked what song was playing, Littletato said that it was the song of an anime called Yuru Camp.

Julia said that she already watched that anime, she said that it was very good and relaxing.
Littletato said that she loved the anime, and wanted to rewatch it sometime with Julia.
They drank the juice and ate the sandwich, Julia thought that it was very delicious.
After that, Julia and Littletato walked to the living room.
Julia turned on the TV and selected the app Vegeflix.
She searched through Vegeflix's library for a specific anime.
She could not find it, so she opened a website on the Internet where she watched anime some times.
Julia searched for "Yuru Camp" there and found it, she looked at Littletato and asked if she wanted to watch it.
Littletato replied positively, Julia selected the anime, Littletato walked to the kitchen and paused the music that was playing on her phone.
Then she walked back to the living room and sat beside Julia, hugging her tight.
Julia put the first episode of Yuru Camp to play on the TV.

The anime showed a girl with blue hair, her name was Rin, she was getting her bicycle out of her house and going to a place to camp.
On the way, she saw a pink-haired girl sleeping on a bench, she thought that girl would get a cold from sleeping there.
Littletato saw that and the nostalgia hit her, she thought about the first time that she watched Yuru Camp.
She was very happy and smiling a lot, she still has that same love for the anime that she had before.
Julia was smiling too, watching Yuru Camp with Littletato, it was so much fun.
Littletato was caressing Julia's hair, smiling, watching Rin camping.
Camping looked to be so much fun to Littletato, she wanted to try it sometime.
Yuru Camp showed her how awesome, relaxing, and fun camping is.
Julia wanted to try it too, she asked Littletato if she wanted to camp with her, Littletato said yes.
Julia was very happy, she looked at Rin, camping, it seemed so relaxing and fun, Rin looked so happy.

Then, after watching the episode for some time, it ended.
Julia and Littletato drank some water, then they used the bathroom and walked to the bedroom.
The couple laid on the bed and covered themselves with the blanket.
Littletato hugged Julia tight and closed her eyes, sleeping with her.

(I wrote this chapter on 15/09/2017 and reviewed it on 28/08/2020.
It was so much fun to write and review it, I reviewed it while listening to this mix on Vegetube here: <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cs_wheBIvs">Yuru Camp△ OST - Beautiful Anime Music / ゆるキャン△</a>.
I love the anime Yuru Camp, it is so fun and relaxing, calming, I love to watch it.
That's why I put it on the chapter, because I love it, and I reviewed this chapter while listening to the soundtrack of it.
Thank you for watching- I mean, for reading, hehe. ^^
Watch Yuru Camp, it is a very good anime, it will have a second season, I will watch it. :3
Leave a suggestion in the comments (Comment button) of what you like to appear or happen in The Life of Littletato, bye. ^^)