Littletato then woke up, she looked at the clock and saw that was six in the morning, she then looked at the calendar and realized that it was Saturday, then she hugged Julia tight and slept again while caressing the hair of Julia.

She woke up at eleven o'clock in the morning, and then she woke up Julia with a kiss on the cheek.

Littletato and Julia came to the kitchen to make breakfast, they made coffee, slices of bread with butter, and then ate it.
Julia suggested for them to hang out a little, Littletato said that it was a good idea.

They got out of the house and locked it, Julia said that she knew a park close to there, they started walking there on foot while looking at the scenery.
The couple arrived at the park and sat at a bench, looking at the trees and people.

While being in the park of San Francisco, Littletato and Julia noticed that someone appeared there, it was Yam, the friend of Littletato.
Julia said she didn't know him, and Littletato introduced him to her.
He sat at the right side of Littletato and began to talk with them.

"The weather is pleasant today, right?" asks Yam.

"Yea, it is very comfy, especially for relaxing into places like this," replies Littletato while looking at some trees.

Yam smiled while looking at her.

"So, do you have a job, Yam?" asked Julia, smiling while looking at him.
"Yes, I work at a grocery store," replied him.

"Oh, that's cool, you should have a lot of stuff to eat for free right?" asked Julia while giggling a little.
"Yea, but the boss doesn't let me eat the food so often, he lets me bring some food to my house when I'm needing, but that's deducted from my salary," explains him.
"Oh, I understand, but it's cool that you have a place to shop for food," replies Julia.
"Yep, I agree with you, Julia.
Hey Littletato, do you ever thought about traveling to Texas? I heard it is a really good place to live, its citizens are chocolate bars," says Yam.

"No, I never thought about going there, and I don't even have a car to travel that far," replies Littletato.
"Ah, I understand," says Yam, which starts to look at some people walking in the sidewalk, distracted.

"Oh, honey, I think your aunt Luisa lives there right?" asks Julia in excitement while looking at Littletato.
"Yes, we should visit her sometime when we have a car, right my dear?" asks Littletato while smiling excitedly.

Yam looks at his cellphone to see a message he received, he reads it and then goes back to looking at the trees.

"Yea, I agree," says Julia, who gives Littletato a tight hug while caressing her hair.
Littletato gives a kiss on the cheek of Julia and giggles a little.
Yam looks at the couple and smiles, thinking: "Aww, they are so cute together".

"I love you my little potato," said Julia, lovingly to Littletato.
"I love you too, my sweet flower," said Littletato while smiling happily to Julia.

Yam stood up.
"Well girls, I gotta go, my sister is alone at my house," said him while looking at his cellphone, "she is visiting me, I should go quick.
So... it was a pleasure to meet you Julia", says him while shaking the hand of Julia.
Julia smiles and says, "It was a pleasure to meet you too, Yam".

Yam starts walking backward and says, "Goodbye Littletato," while waving his hand to her.
"Goodbye Yam," says Littletato while smiling and waving her hand to him.

Then he puts his cellphone inside of his pocket and starts walking normally in the direction of his house.

Littletato hugs Julia tight, looking at the clock of her cellphone, she sees it is thirteen o'clock in the afternoon.
"Hey honey, I think we should go back home," says Littletato, who gives a quick kiss in the lips of Julia.
"Oh, okay my dear, but I think we should go to the supermarket first, we are almost out of bread, and I would love some Coca-Cola right now," replies Julia while smiling.
"Okay hon, let's go there," says Littletato.

Then they walk to the marketplace to buy food, Littletato buys bread, rice and beans, and a bottle of Coca-Cola.

After that, they started walking back home with the bags in hand.
They arrived home and Julia prepared the lunch, Littletato helped her, they ate and got a little tired, then slept.

Littletato woke up first and looked at the hours, it was six at night.
Then she made the dinner and called Julia, they ate together while talking about some things.
Littletato finished the food and brought the bottle of Coca-Cola to the living room, telling Julia to come there to watch a movie with her.
Julia walked to the living room and sat by the side of Littletato at the couch, hugging her, she gave a quick kiss in the lips of Littletato.
They had the Vegeflix app on the television and watched a movie while drinking the rest of coca-cola.

After a while, the movie ended and the Coca-cola bottle was empty.

Julia was sleeping on the couch, Littletato grabbed her with her arms and walked to the bedroom, leaving her on top of the bed.
She closed the window and laid by the side of Julia, hugging her tight and kissing her neck.
Julia shivered and moved lightly, giggling a little with a cute voice.
Littletato covered herself and Julia with the blanket.
"Good night honey," said Littletato with a gentle voice.
"Good... night my dear," said Julia, slowly falling asleep again, smiling and humming with happiness.
They both slept together in the silent night.