It was a Sunday, Littletato just wanted to sleep the whole day, because that is what people do on Sunday, she was awake.

Littletato looked at the clock and it was seven in the morning, she hugged Julia that was in the bed sleeping, kissed her lips, and slept while smiling.
They both woke up at the same time and were rested, they just wanted to have fun.

Julia smiled happily to Littletato and she smiled back, the couple hugged together tight and Littletato caressed the hair of Julia.
"I love you my dear..." said Littletato, that gave a kiss in Julia's lips.
"I love you too honey, you make me so happy," said Julia in a low voice, smiling to Littletato and hugging her.
"You're my little bean, hehe," said Littletato, smiling.

They both got up, walked to the living room, and sat at the couch.
The couple had a television and a video game called Vegebox, they played a lot of games together and had a lot of fun.
Littletato was happy that day, really happy, her video game had a Vegebox Live account where you could do a lot of things on the internet, just like a computer.
She played a song in the music app called Vegetify, it was some folk music, she liked that chill style music, they both played racing and first-person-shooter games, they liked many kinds of games.
"I love to play with you, hon," says Littletato, who then hugs Julia.
"Me too, my little potato," replies her while smiling.
Littletato then starts caressing the hair of Julia, she is smiling.
"I love it when you touch my hair, love, it makes me so happy," says Julia, who smiles and lays her head on Littletato's shoulder.
She keeps caressing the hair of Julia, looks at the clock and sees it is seven at night.

They were a little hungry and paused the game called Vegetablefall 2, the sequel had a story and not just multiplayer.
Littletato liked to play the story of the game, she had finished it and still liked to play it again and again.

The couple walked to the kitchen and Julia made the dinner with the help of Littletato.
They ate dinner, it was beans with rice and some fried cheese, it was very delicious.

After that, they walked to the living room and turned on the Vegebox.
Littletato grabbed the two controllers and sat at the couch beside Julia.
She gave the white controller to Julia and used the black one.
Then she clicked the home button on the controller and opened Vegetablefall 2 again.
The couple played some multiplayer matches, they were very good at it.

Then after some matches, they were a little tired.
Littletato gave a quick kiss in the lips of Julia and grabbed the controller from her hands.
She placed the controller on top of the table and turned the video game off.

Julia grabbed the hand of Littletato and started to walk to the bedroom, Littletato followed her.
When arriving at the bedroom, Julia jumped on the bed and covered herself with the blanket, Littletato did the same.
Then Littletato asked, "Hey honey, can I hug you from behind?"
"Of course my dear, it would be lovely... you're so cute saying that, hon," replies her, who gives a quick kiss on the lips of Littletato.
Julia turns her back at Littletato and smiles.
Littletato hugs Julia tight from behind and arranges the blanket.
She gives a kiss in the neck of Julia, she shivers and giggles a little.
"It tickles, hehe," says Julia while smiling, "I love you, hon".
"Me too, I love you so much my little sweet potato.
I had a lot of fun today my dear, thanks," replies Littletato, who starts caressing the hair of Julia.
"I also had fun honey, thanks for that, hehe, I love it when you pet me," says Julia while smiling.
"And I love to pet you, Julia," replies her.
They both close their eyes and sleep in the silent night, it is raining softly.