It was a Tuesday, Littletato was dreaming of a field, a big and tall wheat field with a sunrise, she looked close to the sun and smiled.
A heavy wind hit her and she tried not to fall, she felt great there, and calm, feeling the wind and nature, she loved to see nature in all of its forms.
She started to walk close to an old house, then noticed that she was at a farm, the house was made of red bricks and had some wooden parts, the door was falling and almost completely broken.

Littletato walked close to there and entered the house, she lighted up a candle and looked at all the items in the little house.
There were shovels, hoes, seeds, and fertilizers, she got out of the house and saw that a storm was coming, the wind was very heavy and the trees were swinging a lot.
She grabbed a large barrel and climbed up in a box, she placed the barrel on top of the roof.
Then Littletato walked inside the house and saw that there was a refrigerator in there, she opened it and grabbed a can of Coca-cola.
After that, she grabbed a chair and laid it on the ground, outside of the house, she sat there and drank her Coca-cola while waiting for the storm to come.
Littletato looked at the storm and finished drinking her Coca-cola, she closed her eyes and relaxed in the chair.

After some time, she felt some water drops on her arm, then opened her eyes and saw that it was starting to rain very hard, she quickly picked up her chair and walked inside the house.
She left the chair there and closed her window, then sat at the chair and contemplated the beautiful rain, shaking all the trees with the wind, watering them all, watering her wheat field.
Littletato liked to have that farm, it felt so nice and quiet, so relaxing and calming.

She had a bed in there too, she wore some light clothes and laid on her bed.
Littletato slept on her bed while listening to the sounds of the rain, making her sleep well.

Littletato woke up and noticed that she was hugging Julia, she looked at the clock and saw that it was six in the morning, then gave a quick kiss in the lips of Julia.
She woke up Julia and walked to the kitchen with her, they hugged and looked at the sunrise, it was very beautiful, some birds were singing in the trees.
They both walked to the bathroom to do their morning needs.
After that, Julia walked to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, she finished preparing it and she called Littletato to the kitchen.
Littletato was combing her hair, she said "Coming, baby," while looking at the mirror, then she continued combing her hair.
She walked to the kitchen and sat at the table in front of Julia, they started eating.
Julia had made eggs with bacon and hot chocolate.
"It is very good, hon, thanks," said Littletato, smiling to Julia.
"Thanks, honey, I'm happy that you liked it," replied Julia.

They finished eating and Littletato got up.
She walked to her room to prepare for her job.
Littletato was sat in her bed, putting on her socks, Julia walked there and hugged Littletato.
They both smiled and Littletato gave a kiss in the lips of Julia.
"I love you, hon, I miss you when you go to work," says Julia in a sad tone.
"Oh, I love you too, hon, I miss you when I'm at work too," says Littletato, that hugs Julia tight.
"Hmm... but it's okay, cause I'll see you after work, and I'll have you all to myself, hehe," replies her while smiling.
"Hehe, yes, I'll be all yours," says Littletato while smiling naughtily.

Then she gets up and gets her bag to go to work.
She walks to the front door and Julia follows her.
Littletato gets out and hugs Julia, giving a long kiss in her lips.
Then she starts to walk to her job.
She puts a rock playlist to play on her phone, using the Vegetify app.

Julia is at home, she locks the door and walks to the kitchen.
Then she grabs a pack of Doritos and a can of Coca-cola that was hidden somewhere in the fridge.
She walks to the bedroom and sats at a chair, in front of the chair there is a table and on top of the table there is the laptop of Julia.
Julia opens her laptop and turns it on, then leaves her Doritos pack and can of Coca-cola on top of the bed.

She opens the Vegewitch.tv website and opens a Livestream of the streamer called "Patife".
He is playing the game Call of Vegeduty: Vegetablezone with his friend Funky Vegetable Cat.
It is a game of the first-person shooter type, the objective is to be the last one alive, and there are teams of players.
There is also a gas that comes from the border of the map to kill the player, forcing them to come closer to each other and fight.
Julia opens her pack of Doritos and the can of Coca-cola.
Then she starts to watch the Livestream while drinking and eating.

Patife is playing, he runs to a place to hide when the gas comes and the area gets narrower.
Then Funky Vegetable Cat says that there is an enemy close to the red mark that he made on the map.
Patife looks to the direction where Funky marked and tries to shoot there with his long-range sniper.
With luck, he takes one guy down, then he runs inside a house and opens some boxes to grab items, money, and some guns.
He gets a car and Funky enters inside it, Patife starts to drive away from the gas and close to the safe zone.
Then Patife stops the car and gets out of it, hiding right after.
There are few players alive, and they are close to Patife because he is in the area of the safe zone.
Julia gets glazed up looking at the game, she smiles and gets excited, banging her feet on the ground.
Patife gets inside a house and goes to the second floor, Funky is on the ground.
He marks an enemy with a green marker, Patife sees it and shoots there with his sniper.
Patife kills one enemy and looks to the other window, then a player appears behind him and kills him quickly with two pistols.
He gets a little angry, saying that he did not hear the enemy coming, Funky quickly goes inside the house and kills the enemy.
Then he walks outside and tries to run to a box to revive Patife.
Funky is trying to revive Patife in the box but gets killed from behind.
He gets angry and they both leave the match.
Then Julia opens the Livestream of Cellbit, he is playing a riddle game again, she watches it while drinking and eating.

After some time, Julia gets tired and yawns a little, her phone vibrates, showing that she got a message from someone on the Vegesapp app.
It is a message from Patricia, she clicks the message and Vegesapp opens, she lowers the volume of the Livestream of Cellbit that is ending.
Then she sees the message, it is a picture of barbecue meat.
Julia replies to the message saying, "That looks delicious, sis! I wish I was there with you to eat that 😋".
"Hehe, maybe I could go there to make some barbecue for you sis 😊", replies Patricia.
Then Julia replies with a message, saying, "Oh, I would love that ^^".
Julia turns off the screen of her phone and lays it on the table, she closes the Livestream and opens a Livestream of songs of the Future Bass genre on Vegetube.
She eats some Doritos and takes some sips of the Coca-cola.
Then grabs her phone and lies on the bed.
She leaves the pack of Doritos and the can of Coca-cola on top of a table close to the bed.
Julia starts to play a game on her phone while listening to the Future Bass Livestream and eating Doritos some times.

Then, after playing a lot, Julia closes the game and finishes eating the pack of Doritos, the can of Coca-cola is already empty.
Julia closes the browser and turns off the laptop, then closes it.
She goes to the kitchen and throws the pack of Doritos and the can of Coca-cola inside the trash bin.
Then she walks to the living room and lies on the couch.
Julia turns the television on and leaves on a channel, playing, she stays fiddling with her cell phone.

After some time, Littletato gets home, Julia gets up and goes to the front door, opens it, and hugs Littletato tight.
"You're home!, honey, I love to see you back," says Julia.
"I'm here honey, don't worry my dear, I'm all yours now," says Littletato in a calm voice while caressing the hair of Julia.
"Hehe, I'm happy, I love when you pat me, hon," replies Julia.

They both get inside and Littletato changes herself.
Julia prepares the dinner and eats along with Littletato.
Littletato asks, "What did you do today, love?"
"Nothing much, I just watched two Livestreams, one of Patife and another one from Cellbit," replies her.
"Did you ate something delicious?" asks Littletato.
"No, I-I just ate some bread with butter and stuff," replies Julia while trying to hide the fact that she ate Doritos and Coca-cola.
"Oh, it's good too," says Littletato.

After eating, they walk to the bedroom, it is already night.
They lie on the bed and Littletato hugs Julia from behind, they cover themselves with the blanket.
Littletato gives a kiss in the neck of Julia, she giggles a little.
"Good night, hon, I love you," says Littletato to Julia.
"Good night, honey, I love you too, my little potato," replies her.
Then they sleep, waiting for the next day.