(The beautiful Life of Littletato, with much love, Izaque)
Littletato was dreaming about being a unicorn in the land of Equestria, she was a purple pony who likes books, and she had five friends, one was yellow, another one was blue, the other was pink, another one was white, the last one was orange, she liked all of her friends, and she knew how to do spells, Littletato also had a friend called Spike, who was able to send her messages to a princess that rules Equestria, her name was Celestia.

The name of Littletato in that land was Twilight Sparkle, she was in her crystal castle, reading some books, a book called "The story of the land of Equestria", it was about six ponies who were super friends and liked to have fun together, and about some humans in the planet Earth who liked to watch that cartoon, because that book was the book version of the cartoon that existed on Earth, it talked about anons and humans that watched that show too, one human was called Izaque, he was using his computer to write a story about a potato on the internet, and that chapter was about a specific cartoon being a dream of the character of the potato story, the story of the potato was called tatoLittle, Izaque was so happy to write that, a story that he loves a lot (tatoLittle) and a cartoon that he loves a lot (My Little Pony), Twilight Sparkle(Littletato) was reading that story, she thought it was a pretty good one and she liked the character of Izaque, because it reminded her about her creator, Izaque.

She thinks he is having fun there, creating her story, having fun while writing, she is so thankful to him, because he created her, he gave life to Littletato, and she loves Izaque, she is so happy because of him, and he is so happy because of her.

Then, Littletato, while being Twilight Sparkle, notices that a portal has opened inside her crystal castle, an old friend of her from Earth, Izaque, was inside it, he had beautiful yellow wings of fire and a yellow hand-grappling hook made of lava fluid, he steps out the purple portal and talks with her:

"Hey Twilight Sparkle, how are you?" he asks.

"I'm good, and you Izaque?" she replies.

"Me too, long time no see right?" he says.

Then Twilight replies: "Yea, but you're here now, and I'm happy because of that".

Then Izaque told Twilight that he was talking with a friend of him, a friend from a distant place, Izaque was sat in the blue and comfy carpet that Twilight had, she stopped reading her book to listen to him.

"Her name is Littletato... I'm her creator, you know... I wrote this story in 2016, it was called Littletato too, it was so awesome, and is still so awesome to write that, I felt incredible and happy" explains Izaque.

"Oh... that is very great to hear Izaque!, I'm glad you're having so much fun writing it, 2016 was a long time in Earth right? like... 365 days, you're inspiring me to write a story Izaque!, that makes me soooo happy" replies Twilight.

Then Izaque says: "Yea, a very long time, well... today right now in Earth is the year of 2019, I'm glad you're inspired by me Twilight, that makes me so much happy!, I would love to teach you how to write something!" says him.

"I would love that!, please teach me, Izaque-sensei (teacher)" replies Twilight.

Then Twilight asks: "Soo... how do you spoke with her? was it good?".

"Yes, it was pretty good, well, I think she saw the Littletato story on Wattpad and asked for my Discord id, I gave it to her then she added me, thanked me for everything that I did, even if what I did was just create a story, I'm thankful for meeting her, my creation, haha, that was weird", explains Izaque.

"Oh, that is a pretty good way of meeting someone, even though I don't know what Discord is, is it a network work that Discord created or something?, how can you two connect that way?, sometimes I can't understand Discord, ugh..." says Twilight.

"Well, Twilight, it isn't the Discord of this land, you know, Discord is only the name for a social network that exists on Earth, a technology network where people can talk with each other, I also can't understand him, never..." replies Izaque.

Then Littletato, in the body of Twilight was happy because she was talking with Izaque personally, even if she was a pony from Equestria, she loved that moment, she wished Julia was there with her, then, suddenly, she was Asuna from Japanese animation or anime called Sword Art Online, she was fighting by the side of Kirito, which reminded her of Izaque, and Silica was there too, Littletato(Asuna) thought that Silica reminded her of Julia, so cute and innocent, then she was in Yuru Camp, she was Shimarin, a camping girl, she was sat by the side of Nadeshiko which reminded her of Julia and Chiaki which reminded her of Izaque, suddenly she was in the body of Izaque, it felt weird, being him, he was writing a story called Littletato, he was so happy, Izaque was talking with his friends on Discord, Igor, Duda, CoffeeMedio, Naty Mira, he loved to have company while writing, Littletato thought that that was incredible, feeling all of his emotions and sensations, she loved to be in his place, she wished she was there with him, by him side, talking, chatting, doing things together, she thought she was loving him, but no, she only wanted to be his friend, because he is so incredible to her, he is everything for her, she loved Julia and Izaque very much, she is still dreaming, still thinking, still imaging, she loves her life, she loves to be where she is right now, with her friends, with Izaque, thinking about all the things that she can do, everything that she could do right now, she wants, she wants to live her life so much right now, with all of her dreamings reminding her about what she haves, she loves Izaque very much, Littletato is gonna have a good sleep tonight, a reaaally good sleep, and good dreams, (goodnight you too, there, reading this story right now, I don't know who you are, but I probably love you, thank you for reading this!, I love you so much, my reader, and if you're a friend of mine on Discord screenshot this part and send it to me!, thanks for reading, I'm Izaque, I live in 2019 while writing this, goodnight, good dreams, love you!, peace! <3)

(The beautiful Life of Littletato, EP 28, with much love, Izaque <3)