Kazuya Kinoshita is working on a Karaoke place, he got a new job at it.
His boss says "Kinoshita-Kun, go clean the Room 13".
He says "Oh, okay".
He was working in a "baito" (Part-Time Job).

After that, he goes back to his apartment, he changes his clothes and lays on his bed.
Kazuya looks at his smartphone case which he received from Chizuru Ichinose (Mizuhara).
"Oh, it's so beautiful!" says him, looking at the case, smiling.
"The gift from Mizuhara," says him, smiling.
"The little phone case that she chose for me! Only for me!" says him, rolling in the bed.
He remembers the time she said that she was an actress, "I'm an actress," said Mizuhara.
"I'm the neighbor of an actress!" he thinks.
He smiles and says "I must be the only one in history to earn a gift from a rental girlfriend!"

He gets surprised while thinking of something, he says "She must see me as a special person".
"I got it!
It's small, but I made another connection with her!" thinks him, happy.

After that, he visits the rental page of Mizuhara to see the comments.
There are a lot of people saying that they also won gifts from her.
"I'm still using the aromatic candle that she gave me. Chizuru-chan is awesome," said one customer.
"I won biscuits," said another.
"I also won it, they were delicious. She is so awesome," said another one.
He was disappointed, "There are a lot of guys like me..." says him, sad.

Then Kazuya marked a date with Mizuhara in the Kanoir coffee, he arrived there and she too.
They sat at the table and ordered some coffee.
"Well... that's because I'm a girlfriend," says Mizuhara, looking at him, holding her cup, a little angry.
"It's that, I don't know, your customers can misunderstand stuff," says Kazuya, looking down.
"It's because I am a girlfriend," says Mizuhara, closing her eyes.
"B-But..." says Kazuya.
"It's because I am a girlfriend!" says Mizuhara, raising her hand to Kazuya, in a sign for him to stop.
She slams her fist on the table, getting up, angry.
"You're gonna say that it isn't normal for a girlfriend to give gifts?!
This is the policy of the company!" shouts her, closing her eyes, with her hand on her waist.
"Oh, I know, but..." says Kazuya, looking away from her, a little scared, "I know that I'm faltering," thinks him.
"I want to make something clear," says Mizuhara, getting a little calmer and closing her eyes.
"Huh?" says Kazuya, a little surprised.
"Did you fell in love with me?" asks her, looking at his eyes.
"Uh... what?!" asks him, super surprised, getting up from his seat.
She looks deep in his eyes, waiting for an answer.
"I..." says him, trying to speak, "Don't," says him, lying, looking to the right, avoiding eye contact with her.
"So!" says her, he gets surprised and looks at her again.
"We're only pretending to be a couple because of our grandmas, right?" asks her, opening her arms and closing her eyes.
She thinks about the moment where Ruka Sarashina thought that they were really dating and were not just customer and rental girlfriend.
"Looks like Ruka-chan is misunderstanding stuff, but I'm only a rental girlfriend," explains Mizuhara, looking at Kazuya.
"If you really were liking me, this would change the situation," says her, with her eyes still closed.
"Let's keep this clean and deal with the situation like adults," says her.

They pay the coffee and go out of the place, walking on the city holding hands, she haves her eyes closed.
"Wow, what a cutie!" says a guy on the road, looking at both of them.
"I'm jealous of the guy," says another guy, looking at them.
After walking a little, they release their hands.
They arrive close to their house, Kazuya walks in front of Mizuhara.
Suddenly Ruka appears there, shouting, angry, "Hey! What you two were doing?!" asks her in a loud voice, angry, pointing her finger at them.
They both get surprised, "Ruka-chan?!" says Kazuya.
"You say you had a commitment!
It was a date with her?!
Why her if you have me?!" shouts her, jumping on Kazuya to hug him, angry.
"N-No, I was just asking for her to give me some life advice," says Kazuya, scared, trying to make up an excuse, looking at Ruka.
Mizuhara looks at Kazuya, disappointed, walking a little far.
"I can't believe I said this," thinks him.
"Well, now you're gonna go in a date with me!" says Ruka, holding Kazuya on his neck.
"But I have a commitment later..." says Kazuya, trying to get away.
"Then cancel it," shouts her, starting to drag him.
"What? Ah, no..." says him, sad, crying a little.
Mizuhara keeps looking at him with poker face.
Ruka smiles, "A movie? An amusement park?" asks her, dragging him away.
He keeps looking at Mizuhara, crying like he was asking for help, like he was thinking "Help me! Help me!"
Mizuhara then turns around and walks inside her apartment.
(Maybe write about what Mizuhara does there)

Then Ruka and Kazuya goes to some shops, Ruka orders one parfait in a cone for both of them, it haves chocolate sypup and some strawberries on it.
"Say 'Aah'," says her, holding the parfait while looking at him, smiling.
He makes an empty expression and says "Aah" with a very unwilling face.
He eats the parfait with an angry face, "You ate it! How beautiful!" says Ruka.
Then she turns around and eats the parfait too, wanting to eat the same thing as him to do an indirect kiss.
Kazuya thinks about the moment where Mizuhara said for them to keep this clean and deal with the situation like adults.
"Yeah... For Mizuhara, I'm just a accomplice..." thinks him, chewing the piece of parfait that he ate, looking at the ground.
He swallows and thinks "Why did I delude myself?"
Ruka looks at him, smiling, she notices he is looking at the sky and not giving attention to her, thinking about other things.
She gets a little angry and puts a bilnd fold in him, "Uh? What?!" asks him, scared, not knowing what was happening.
"What are you doing?" asks him, shouting.
"There is a place that I want to go to," says her.
"W-Where?" asks him, scared.
She starts walking while holding his hand, "Over here," says her.


(Canon Episode and Time in the Human Multiverse Bubble (HMB): Episode 9, Time 16:36)
They talk a little about Mizuhara, the lies, and his grandmother.
"But I'm not your girlfriend?" asks her.
"Well..." says him.
"Didn't we match? It would be a test, but I would be your girlfriend!" says her, looking at him, getting closer, he gets a little away from her.