A servant was taking care of the mansion of a rich man while he was off, he was 18 years old.
The boy looked to the gate of the mansion and saw two beautiful and stunning woman of thirty or fewer years old.
He opened the gate, the women entered and the servant opened the front door to meet them.

"What is your name?" asked the brown-haired woman.
She was tall and a little scary because of that, he thought she was pretty cute and gorgeous.
"My name is Jonas, madam," says him while bowing, blushing a little while looking shyly at the women in front of him.
"I'm Marie," replied the brown-haired one while rearranging her hair.
"My name is Susie," says the yellow-haired one while messing with her nails.
"And we're here to meet your boss, we have some unfinished business with him," says Marie.
"A-Alright, I'll call him right n-now," says him while stuttering and sweating a little, he's never been so close to beautiful and rich women before.

Then his boss appears behind him, an old man with short, blond hair, wearing a black suit, he says with a gruff voice:
"Oh, was my servant treating the ladies badly? forgive me for that."
Then he looks at Jonas with an angry face and whispers evilly in his ear "Go to your room now or I will low your salary..."
The little boy then rushes to his room in fear.

Marie says: "Oh... It's okay Mark, he was a great boy, he opened the gate for us... Don't be so hard on him!"
Mark replies: "But he gotta learn how to treat people right! if I don't scold him, he'll never learn!"
Marie raises an eyebrow for Mark.
He shrugs.

"So... To what do I owe the honor of your visit?" asks Mark.
"We're here to bring that package you asked for, So... Do you have the money?" asks Marie.
"Of course," replies Mark, who gets some dollar bills from out of his pocket, counting them and saying that the money is right.
Then Marie signals to the guy in the car to bring the suitcase to her.

He brings the suitcase and Marie handles it with Mark, he grabs it and pays the money to Marie.
Susie is busy messing with her hair and looking at her painted nails, she is bored waiting for her sister Marie to finish the deal.
She thinks it would be better if she was at home or buying clothes at the mall.

After a little talking, Mark says goodbye to Marie, she and her sister walk back to the car.
The driver drives away, Mark closes the door, enters the house, and goes to Jonas' room.

Jonas is sat in his bed, in fear while looking at the floor.
Mark opens the door and sits at the side of Jonas, he gets scared and shrinks a little in fear.

Mark thinks Jonas is afraid of him, then looks at him and takes a few attempts to speak.
"Hey... Jonas..." says Mark.
"Sorry for being angry at you at the door...
I just... Thought you were treating them bad and couldn't receive them properly, I'm sorry..." says Mark, being a little sad, looks away from the face of Jonas and closes his eyes.

After some minutes passed, Jonas recovered himself, he was calmer now.
"I-I forgive you, Mark... You're like a father for me..." says Jonas while forming some tears in his eyes.
"I-I'm sorry that I can't do a good job... You shouldn't even have me as a servant or concierge!... I'm worthless..." says Jonas, being sad and staring at the floor, in pain while crying a lot.
Mark hugs Jonas tight and caresses his hair, saying:
"You're the best servant that I have, and the only one, you're like a son to me... Don't say that.
I like being here with you in this big and empty house, you're the one keeping me company here... Please... Don't leave me..." says Mark while crying a lot with his eyes closed.
"T-Thanks..." says Jonas while wiping some of his tears with this hand, he hugs Mark back and says:
"I'm proud to be your servant, I like being here with you Mark... Thanks for being my boss..."

After a while, Mark and Jonas were calmer.
Mark says: "Hey... Jonas, Marie said that Susie has the same age as you... I think she has a crush on you".
"R-Really?... did she said that?... I'm flattered..." replies Jonas, smiling.
"Yes, Marie asked her sister if she would like to go on a date with you, to know you more... Susie said yes," replies Mark.
"Oh! I'm happy then... When she wants to go out with me?..." asks Jonas.
"Maybe tomorrow?... I'll call her if that's okay for you..." says Mark.
"Okay, tomorrow in the afternoon sounds great!" replies Jonas.
Then Mark calls Marie and asks if her sister would like to go out with Jonas tomorrow in the afternoon.
Marie asks Susie and she says that that sounds fine and that they should go at six PM.
Mark says goodbye and hangs up the call.

Jonas goes to sleep in his room and Mark in his.
After waking up, Jonas makes some coffee and eat together with Mark.
Then Jonas water the flowers, check the mailbox and the phone call list to see if someone called Mark yesterday.
Mark had to go out to deliver a package to some rich man, he called his bodyguards and his driver.
Then he told Jonas to take care of the house and prepare for the date with Susie at six PM.

Jonas cleaned the whole house and then took a bath, after a while, someone rang the bell, he opened the door and looked at the gate.
It was Susie, with her car, it was a pink car, she said "Are you ready?" then Jonas said yes, locked the door behind him with a key and walked to the gate.
He opened the gate and walked out of the yard, pressing a button on the key which locked all doors and gates of the mansion.

Jonas walked to the right side of the car and Susie pressed the alarm button, he opened the door and entered, sitting down at the passenger's seat.
Susie entered the car and turned it on.
Jonas felt the smell of a new car, the seat was comfortable, it was like the car just got out of the shop.
Susie looked at him and asked, "So, where do you wanna go?"
"To some ice cream shop, how does that sound to you?" asks Jonas.
"That sounds pretty good to me, hold on tight!" replies Susie, which steps on the accelerator and starts driving there.

After some minutes, Jonas and Susie arrive there and she stops the car, parking it at the front of the ice cream shop.
Jonas opens the door and gets out, closing it.
Susie does the same and locks the car pressing the alarm button, the car beeps.

Jonas starts walking to the ice cream shop while being side by side with Susie.
She gets close to the attendee and asks for a strawberry ice cream, Jonas asks for a coconut ice cream.
Jonas pays for the ice cream and both of them go out to eat it, they sit at a table in front of the ice cream shop.
The boy eats his ice cream while looking at Susie sometimes.
Susie looks at him and says, "Hey Jonas, do you work for Mark?"
"Yes, I work for him as a servant... He's like a father to me actually," says Jonas.
"Oh, that sounds great, do you earn any money?" asks Susie.
"Sometimes, but I think my salary is being able to live there, I eat well, I sleep well, I have a bath hub," says Jonas.
"That looks pretty good, it is good being rich right?" asks Susie.
"Yeah, I think it is pretty good... What do you think about poor people, Susie?" asks Jonas.
"I think... They should study more so they can get a better job...
Like... Poor people, who don't earn a lot of money... They should do a public college if they can.
So they can get a better job and earn more money, that's what I think.
I would help poor people to do college if I could, I help ONGs some times too, with the money that my mother gives me," says Susie.

"Oh, that's great Susie, I agree with you, I would help poor people to do college too.
Do you work with something?" asks Jonas.
"No, my mother is rich enough so she can pay me two thousand dollars every month, but I'm studying to be a vet, I'm doing the veterinary faculty," says Susie.
"That's interesting, do you have any pets?" asks Jonas while eating his ice cream.
"Yes, I have a white dog, a chihuahua, her name is Sunny," says Susie while eating her ice cream and looking at Jonas.
"Oh, her name is a little like yours, Sunny, Susie, hehe," said Jonas, smiling.
"Hehe, yeah, so, what about you Jonas, do you study?" asks Susie.
"No, but next year I'm gonna start doing computer science with the money that Mark gives me," said Jonas.
"That's cool, what do you want to work with in the field of computers?" asks Susie, eating her ice cream.
"I already do some tests and practice some programming languages while I'm home, I have a lot of free time.
So I want to work with apps and websites, I'm willing to learn more languages to be able to act on several areas," says Jonas.
"Oh, that is good, I hope you finish your computer science college, the website and app field is growing bigger lately with the evolution of technology," says Susie.
"Thanks, Susie, I'm working hard and saving up some money to be able to pay for the college every month," says Jonas eating his ice cream.
"No problem Jonas," says Susie smiling, "But what about Mark's mansion? Who will take care of it when you're in college?" asks Susie.
"Mark said he will hire another person to do that, so I can dedicate all of my free time to college," says Jonas.
"That's good, I wish you luck on your computer science college Jonas," says Susie, smiling.
"Thanks, Susie, I wish you luck too, on your vet college," says Jonas.
They finish eating their ice creams.
"Hehe, no problem, and thanks, you're such a cutie Jonas," says Susie, squeezing Jonas' cheek lightly.
Jonas starts blushing lightly while looking at Susie, "Thanks, you're cute too Susie... And very beautiful... A stunning woman..." says Jonas.
"Thanks, Jonas, that is so cute of you, hehe, I'm glad that you think I'm beautiful..." says Susie, looking at her body and caressing her hair.