There was a girl named Ana, she was soaring high in the sky, it was in the afternoon.
She was thinking about some bad things about death and tragedy because she was close to the Clouds of Madness.
It made people think bad things, that was the bad effect of being there.
Some said that the wars and fights between people were caused by the storms that those clouds brought.
Suddenly, her necklace broke and she fell on the beach of an island that was close there.
The fall was too high and she got hurt, was knocked unconscious, and slept on the cold sand.

She woke up and looked forward, her face was covered in sand and she cleaned it, her beautiful blue wings of fairy did not work anymore, she flapped them and little to no glitter came off them.
Ana was out of magic power because her necklace broke, she needed to find something in the forest to fix it and needed to cure herself too, she was hurt and bleeding a little.
She started walking in the forest, it was still afternoon, she grabbed some vines in the trees and tied up them in her bruise which was hurting.

Then grabbed some more vines and started to make a little rope out of those vines, she removed the rope of the necklace and pocketed the pink jewel.
Ana made a thread with the vines and picked some tree resin from the pine trees that were close to there.
She found charcoal from a bonfire that had gone out and made it into charcoal powder.
Then made she prepared a campfire and left it burning, picked up some mud, and made two pots with it.
She found a metal filter left in there, grabbed it, and melted the resin she got from the trees with the help of the mud pot, then filtered the impurities from the resin into another jar.
Ana added the charcoal powder into the mix and stirred it up, she just finished making a natural glue with tree resin.

She melted it again because it was already dry and she fixed her jewel which was broken in half, it began shining with a blue light.
The wings of Ana appeared again on her back, glowing a lot in blue and releasing glitter, she flapped them a little, her pink jewel shining in the same color.

Ana started flying normally and decided to leave that island, she continued flying to where she was going before she lost her wings.
She was a fairy, that lived in the Mountains of Aris, she left home because she thought that she did not belong there and because she was afraid.
Ana was flying as the wind blew her face, she was crying a little because she missed her home, she thought about her friends and family there.
Then, a bird-like creature began flying beside her, it asked where she was going, she said that she was just traveling and flying through the world.
The creature said its name was Tod, he was a Kódek, a creature that is like a bird, a hawk, and lives in the Crystal Lands, close to the Volcanoes of Death island.
Tod said that it was dangerous there because it was close to the Volcanoes of Death, some times one of the volcanoes erupted and lava invaded their houses.

She said she missed home, Tod said he missed his too, he said he was going to travel back home, to see his family, and advised Ana to do the same.
Ana replied to Tod, wishing him good luck, wanting him to be safe, Tod wished good luck for Ana too.

After some time flying, it was night already, and it was raining everywhere, but Ana kept flying even if it was a little cold.
Maelstroms formed in the ocean and you could see little islands from far away.
Ana liked to see dark clouds and a huge and strong storm like that, she liked hearing the sounds of the thunders.
She did not have a map in hands, but she knew where home was, her necklace with a pink jewel showed her the way, made her feel where home is, it was given by her mother.
It was a great gift, it made her think of the memories she had with her mother, it made her happy.
Ana was flying and flying, into the direction that she felt that Mountains of Aris was, trying to return home.

...

After a little while, she arrived there, it was a crystal island with a lot of crystals in its terrain, growing from inside the ground, the friends and sisters of Ana were there to greet her.
No fairy knew about how the crystals appeared there or their origin, Ana was curious about that, she wanted to discover the secret of the crystals.
Everyone was worried about her because she disappeared out of nowhere.
Her sisters, Lindsay, and Panda asked why she left home, she replied that it was because she did not felt like she belonged there and because she was afraid.
Lindsay was a redhead with yellow wings and red eyes, she was very kind and the older sister of Ana.
Lindsay said for her to not worry about, as fairies are always gentle and kind, they will not do anything that other fairies do not want.
Panda told her to not worry about that, they would protect her and always care for her, that she belonged there.
Her sisters said that she could travel to other places if she wanted, she could even live in those places.
She was free and did not need to stay there if she did not want to.
But she was always welcome there, and they would receive her with open arms.

Ana walked through the Mountains of Aris and arrived at her crystal house.
Lindsay and Panda walked with her, her mother was there too, she was called Jena.
Jena was worried about Ana because she disappeared without saying why.
Jena was eating at the table of the kitchen, in the wooden made hut.
The sisters of Ana started to eat at the table too, they were eating bread and milk.
Ana apologized for leaving the island without telling why, she hugged her mother and Jena said it was okay.
Ana said she was going to her room to rest a bit, she walked there and closed the door.
The fairy thought about the crystals, about their secrets, and where they came from.
She thought about where she could learn about their origin and the history of them.
Ana was thinking about the land of the Stone Ogres, the land of the Soul Wasps, the ones that knew how to remove their soul from their body.
Their body was a soul, they did not have a physical body, Ana thought that they could know something since they lived for so many years.

The birds were singing, making their noises, the water was hitting the shore, a tropical atmosphere with beautiful and relaxing noises, perfect to sleep.
Ana had a tough day, flying, crying, and breaking her necklace, she needed some rest, she was not used to being at home, she was used to sleeping in beds made of wood and mud.
She is used to living in nature with wooden beds and natural things, campfires, fruits, and meat that she hunts and cooks.
It was weird to be laid down on a comfortable bed with a mattress and a pillow.
She slept for some time while listening to the birds, toucans, and the water hitting the shore, it was so relaxing.

After some hours, she woke up, and it was afternoon, Jena left the house for a while to gather some food and fruits, the fairies lived in peace there, collecting their food and making their furniture.
Lindsay and Panda were playing some ball out there in the village while flying.
She wanted to travel a little more, she wanted to be alone on a desert island, do nature things again.
Ana left the house of her mother and told Lindsay and Panda that she was going to travel far again.
Lindsay and Panda said okay and said that they were going to tell her mother, they hugged Ana tight.
"We gonna miss you, Ana, I love you," said Lindsay, hugging Ana tight.
"Me too Ana, I love you," said Panda.
"I love you both," said Ana, almost crying, she gave a kiss on the cheek of both.
Lindsay told Jena that Ana maybe was going to the Crystal Lands.

She left flying, Ana thought about that bird, Tod, the Kódek, she wanted to see him again, she wonders if he came back home and arrived safely there.
Ana knew a lot of islands and places to go, in this world, this planet that she lived in, she is used to traveling a lot and knows the world a lot.
The fairy had a map of the world inside her mind, she knew the Clouds of Madness, Mountains of Aris, Crystal Lands, and the Volcanoes of Death.
She thinks Tod spoke a little about the Crystal Lands, close to the Volcanoes of Death, she wanted to go there to visit him.

Ana was still flying, she arrived close to the Crystal Lands, it was an island with lots of crystals of various colors that came from inside the ground.
They were very beautiful, there were red, blue, cyan, pink, orange, yellow, white, black, and green crystals.
They were shiny and pointy, Ana liked the sight of them, she wanted to get close to feel the crystals with her hand.
She flew more and landed at the sand, a Kódek greeted her, asking who she was.
"I am the friend of a Kódek called Tod, do you know him?" asked Ana.
"Ah, Tod, yes, I think he went to an island to the north, he never stays home, sometimes I get worried about him.
Sometimes I think he is gonna get into danger," said the Kódek.
"Oh, thanks, I'm gonna go there to talk with him, to check if he's alright, okay?" said Ana.
"Okay, thank you, my dear, what is your name?" asked the Kódek.
"My name is Ana, what is yours?" asked Ana.
"My name's Sophia, I am the mother of Tod..." said the Kódek.
"Oh, I'll make sure he is safe Sophia! Don't worry, I'll bring your son home," said Ana, excited and brave, closing her fist.
"Thank you so much, my dear, I'm so happy right now," said Sophia, she flew and hugged Ana, Ana hugged her back.
Then Ana waved goodbye to Sophia and started flying to the island to the north.

She was flying high in the sky, it started raining, she was with her pink necklace.
Ana was catching the rain, it was a little cold, "I might catch a cold here," thought her.
So she held her necklace and created a bubble of fire around her, protecting her from the cold rain.
Her mother has taught her about how to use the magic of the necklace, it was very powerful and had a lot of spells.
Ana continued flying to the island of the north, searching for Tod.
She thought about the mystery of the crystals, what was their origin story, how they appeared in that land.
Suddenly, the rain stopped, a beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky, and the sun appeared again.
Ana looked at that and thought that it was very beautiful and a wonderful view.
She continued flying with her blue wings, searching for the island of the north.

Ana saw an island there, with palm trees, a forest, and sand around the island, it was morning.
She thought that it was that island, so she flew close to it and landed on the sea.
Ana walked around the island looking for Tod, looking at the trees, the sand, the dirt.
The fairy found a humanoid bird there, a bird with the shape of a human, she looked at it with curiosity.
"Hello... Who are you?..." asked Ana, looking at the creature.
"Hey... I'm a Kódek, I guess you never saw a Kódek like this right?" asked the Kódek, looking at Ana.
"Yeah... I never saw one like this, can I ask your name?" asked Ana.
"Yes... my name is Tod, I'm sorry for making you see me like this... I'm ugly right?" asked Tod, feeling bad for showing that side of him to Ana.
"No, you're beautiful Tod, I don't think you're ugly! You're even cooler than before!" replied Ana, looking at Tod.
"Really?... thanks Ana, that means a lot to me, it is that the Kódeks don't show their humanoid form to everyone...
That is a secret among the Kódeks and no one knows about that, so please, don't say that you saw this to anyone, okay?" asked Tod.
"I won't tell anyone, I promise... so... how do you turn into a human or a humanoid bird?" asked Ana.
"I have human blood, all Kódeks have, the story is that long ago, an evil race ruled the planet.
They cursed us, and turned us into birds, we were humans before.
Then, a great magician helped us, he cured us, and we could turn into humans again.
But we didn't accept that, we got used to being birds, and this secret of us having human blood was hidden.
So I always go to islands where there's no one, so I can turn into a humanoid bird and be myself because this is how I feel I am.
I can even turn into a human," says Tod, transforming himself into a human, "See?"
"That is really awesome Tod! I wish I could turn into a bird, a cool bird like you, and your humanoid bird form is really cool too.
I'm sorry you can't turn into a humanoid bird or a human in front of others... but you turned into that in front of me.
And you didn't run or tried to hide... why?" asked Ana.
"Because I thought you would understand... I think you wouldn't have a bias with me... and you wouldn't judge me by my appearance," said Tod.
"Oh, I feel happy knowing you think that of me, of course, I would never judge you by your appearance..." said Ana.
"Hehe, I feel happy having a friend like you Ana," said Tod, smiling at Ana.
"Really? we're friends?" asked Ana, surprised, smiling a little.
"Of course we're friends silly," said Tod, smiling at Ana, he walked close to her in his human form, hugging her.
Ana accepted the hug and smiled, "Thanks Tod, you're a really great friend," said her.
[Image of Tod as a humanoid bird (left of the picture): https://i.pinimg.com/originals/b9/cd/9b/b9cd9bd05c2eefc39d15ae0ca2a8398c.jpg]

"So... what you're doing here on this island Tod?" asked Ana.
"I'm just building nature stuff, building houses, campfires, hunting, and stuff, I love to do nature crafts," said Tod.
"Really? I love to do that too, it is a great passion for me, we should do it together sometime!" said Ana, excited, smiling at Tod.
"Of course, surviving is always more fun with a friend," said Tod, smiling.
So Ana walked around the island, looking at the trees and the sand.
"Did you build something here already?" asked Ana, looking at Tod in his human form.
"No, I just arrived here, I was thinking about what to build first, and then you arrived, hehe," said Tod smiling.
"Hehe, should we do an ax?" asked Ana, looking at him.
"That sounds great!" said Tod.
Then they looked for a good tree to make an ax handle, they found a small stone that looked like a knife.
Tod grabbed that stone and got a thick tree branch.
He grabbed a big stone and walked close to the water, he soaked the stone with water and walked close to the forest, sitting there.
Ana followed him, looking at what he made, Tod started carving the small stone to make it sharper, like a knife.
Then he walked close to a good tree and started cutting it with the help of the knife and the thick tree branch.
After that, Ana and he grabbed the log together and walked close to the exit of the forest, leaving the log there.
Ana grabbed the knife and the thick tree branch, cutting the log in half.
She started making a hole in the half log to put a sharp stone inside it, then she gave the knife and tree branch to Tod.
Tod made the same as Ana, making a hole in the other half log to put a sharp stone inside it.

They both walked to the forest to search for large stones, rectangular stones.
The two found two rectangular stones and brought them to the place where the half logs were.
Ana started carving the rectangular stone with the big wet stone, shaping it to look like an ax blade.
Then she left the wet stone there, grabbed her ax handle and her ax blade, and waited for Tod to finish his blade.
Tod grabbed the rectangular stone he got and carved it using the wet stone.
Ana looked at him, and the things they already made together, she was happy to survive with him, it was cool to do nature things with someone else.
Then Tod and Ana grabbed their parts of their ax.
They both grabbed the thick tree branch and started putting the ax blade made of stone inside the hole in the ax handle.
After some minutes, they both finished making two axes with sharp stones as the blade.
They were happy and shouted excitedly.
The two grabbed apples to eat, they ate them and smiled at each other.
"What about we make a campfire and some mud jars?" asked Ana.
"I think that's a great idea, Ana," said Tod.
Then Ana looked for a big stone in the forest, she found it and brought it close to where Tod was.
There was a small river in the forest, it had flowing water and mud.
Ana and Tod walked to that river, they started grabbing some mud and bringing it close to the big stone.
Ana made one jar of mud and Tod too, they started cutting trees and getting tree branches to make a fire.

They also grab some dry leaves to use as a wick, they sit on the ground together and arrange the sticks, branches, and leaves like a campfire.
The two cut three holes in a stick and put it on top of the dry leaves.
Then Ana puts one stick on one of the holes of the other stick, turning it against the other until smoke comes out of the dry leaves.
After the smoke appears, Ana removes the two sticks from top of the leaves and pick them up with her hands, blowing them gently to make a fire.
Then, after the fire appears, Ana leaves the dry leaves on top of the sticks and branches arranged like a campfire.
They keep adding dry branches and sticks to the fire to fuel it.
Then Tod gets the big dry stone and places it close to the fire, he gets the two jars of mud and places them on top of the stone for them to dry.
The jars dry and Ana gets them, she fills both of them with water from the ocean.
"Hey, should we do a furnace in here?" asks Tod.
"Yes, that way we can cook food on top of it, and boil water too, we can't drink water from the ocean, we have to boil it," said Ana.
Then Tod started getting some mud from the small river that was inside of the forest.
He brought the mud close to the campfire and started making bricks with it, leaving them close to the fire to dry.
Then, with the help of Ana, Tod manages to make a furnace in the fire.
They can fuel the fire from below, and the fire comes out from the top.
Ana makes a mud lid for the jar, she puts it on top of the furnace for it to dry.
After some minutes, Tod gets one jar of water and puts the lid on top of it, then he leaves the jar on top of the furnace.
The water starts to boil, Ana and Tod waited for a while, they grabbed two thick tree branches and carefully removed the hot jar from the top of the furnace.

The two waited for the water to get chill, Ana made a mud cup for her and Tod too, they left the cups on top of the furnace for them to dry.
Then, they grabbed the chill water from the jar, and poured it into their cups, sat in the sand, drinking it while looking at each other.
Ana and Tod looked at everything they built together, the jars, the campfire, the axes, they were so happy.
"I never knew you liked to do nature things, it is a very interesting... interest of you, hehe," said Tod smiling.
"Hehe, I never knew you liked to do nature crafts too, it is a very good thing, relaxing.
It makes you forget about the problems and stop thinking about them, that's why I like it.
I feel like I am at home here, it is what I love to do," says Ana, smiling at Tod.
"Look at everything we made together, hehe, I'm so proud of it!" said Tod, looking at the axes, the campfire, and the jars.
"Me too! It is fun surviving together, I never shared this interest with anyone, it is good to have someone to share it," said Ana.
"I agree with you, it is very good to share it, sometimes I feel so lonely surviving alone... I wish I could have someone there with me.
And look at what I have now... you! hehe, thanks Ana," said Tod, smiling at Ana.
"No problem, hehe, I always appreciate some good company," said Ana.
"So... what should we do now?" asked Tod.
"Can we fish something?" asked Ana.
"Yea, I think that's a great idea!" said Tod.
"We have to make a spear first," said Ana.
"Yes, let's make it then," said Tod, who started looking for a good thin tree to cut, he found one and cut it down.
Tod then walked close to the fire and inserted the tip of the spear into the fire to char the blunt tip.
After that, he grabbed the spear with its tip on fire and scraped it in a rock to sharpen it.
Then he sat on the ground and grabbed a piece of wood, Tod polished the tip of the spear with the piece of wood.
"So, who should go first?" asked Tod, looking at Ana.
"I don't know, you can go first if you want, I never used a spear," said Ana.
"Okay, can I teach you how to use it?" asked Tod.
"Of course, I would love some help!" said Ana, smiling, exciting to learn how to use the spear.
Then Tod and Ana walked close to the water, there were some fishes close to the shore.
Tod gave Ana the spear and showed her how to aim it, he told her to wait for the water to be calm and the fish to calm down, then she could shoot.
She waited for some seconds and shot the spear at a fish, she managed to catch it, Ana shouted excitedly.
"You got it! In the first try, hehe," said Tod, smiling at Ana, proud of her.
"Yes! Thanks for teaching me, Tod," said Ana.
"No problem, hehe," said Tod.

Then Tod caught another, they started grabbing some mud on the river of the forest to make two short walls on the sides of the furnace.
After that, they walked around the forest, trying to find trees with a V in the middle of the branch.
They cut two of those trees and brought them close to the furnace, then they inserted those branches inside the short walls of mud.
The two found another thin stick and placed it on top of the other two branches shaped like a V.
Ana grabbed one fish and cleaned it, removing scales with the stone that looked like a knife and removing the things inside of it.
Then she grabbed the stick from the top of the spit roast and started to put the fish on the stick.
The fire was getting a little bit low, Tod walked to the forest to grab more wood and sticks.
He returned and started refueling the fire, Ana placed the stick with the fish on top of the two sticks shaped like a V.
The fish started to cook, Ana and Tod waited patiently, looking at the fish.
Ana got up to catch a banana in a tree, she grabbed it and ate it.
Tod looked up to the sky and noticed it was afternoon, only some hours left to be night.
After waiting some minutes, the fish was cooked, Tod removed it from the stick and said for Ana to hold it.
He grabbed a large stone and walked close to where Ana was, he left the stone on the ground and grabbed the fish.
Tod placed the fish on top of the stone and cut it in half, removing the bones and thorns.
They both started to eat the fish, smiling at each other, the fish tasted delicious even if it did not have salt or spices.

Ana was very happy there, she did not think about home, about the crystals, she just enjoyed the moment for what it was.
She was happy to survive and build things together with Tod, it was very fun.
"Hey, Tod, I loved to build this with you, it was so exciting!" said Ana, smiling.
"Hehe, I'm happy that you think that, Ana, it was fun to survive along with you," said Tod, smiling too.
"So... can we go home?" asked Ana.
"Why do you want to go home?" asked Tod.
"It is because your mother is worried about you, she didn't know where you've gone, you just disappeared out of nowhere," said Ana.
"Oh... my mom is always worried about me, I keep leaving home without saying anything..." said Tod, looking down, a little sad.
"Me too... they're always worried about me too..." said Ana.
"Really?... Hm..." said Tod, "It was good to survive and build things with you, Ana, thanks, hehe, let's go back home? I'll show you where I live".
"Sure! I would love for you to show me the place," said Ana, smiling at Tod.
Then Ana activated her wings and Tod turned into a hawk-like bird again.
Ana and Tod grabbed a banana from the tree, they started flying low on the island, looking at the campfire, the furnace, stones, axes, knife-like stone, the spear.

They started flying, Ana was following Tod because he knew the way to the Crystal Lands, his home.
Ana was looking at the sunset, it was very beautiful, the ocean was moving a little because of the wind, some fish jumped off the water and coming back inside it.
There were birds close to Ana and Tod, one bird looked at Tod with some curiosity, asking itself if Tod was a real bird or not.
After some time flying, Ana and Tod arrived at the Crystal Lands, Sophia was there on the shore of the beach, looking at them.
They both landed at the sand and Sophia looked at Tod, smiling, happy to have her son back.
"Thank you so much, Ana, for bringing my son back, I was very worried," said Sophia, smiling while looking at Ana, she hugged Tod tight.
"I'm sorry for worrying you, mom," said Tod, looking sad at Sophia.
"It's okay my dear, let's eat, food is ready," said Sophia, starting to walk to the village of the Kódeks.
"Can Ana stay, mom?" asked Tod.
"Of course, son, she is welcome here," said Sophia, smiling at Ana.
"Come on," said Tod smiling lightly while looking at Ana.
The trio started walking to the village of the Kódeks.
Ana looked at the crystals and the Kódeks of the village, everyone walking around and doing stuff.
Sophia started walking to the kitchen, Tod, and Ana following her.
They arrived at the kitchen, Ana and Tod sat together at a table, Sophia brought some food for them, they started to eat together.
"Here is very good, at the Crystal Lands, it is a good place to spend some time," said Tod, looking at Ana.
"Yeah, I agree, here is very good Tod, hehe," said Ana, smiling while looking at Tod.
"Hey, Ana, is there anything you're interested in? Like, learning something new..." asked Tod while eating sometimes.
"Yes, I wanted to discover the mystery of the crystals, I and my race doesn't know how they appeared on the ground or what is their origin," said Ana.
"Oh, we know the mystery of them, but people here don't care about it too much, it's too mundane for them.
Take a visit to our library, probably there's a book with the origin story of the crystals, but we have a lot of books, hehe," said Tod, smiling.
"Okay, thanks, Tod, I'll take a look later, thank you for receiving me here," said Ana.
"No problem, Ana, you're a friend to me, is always good to have you around," said Tod, smiling gently at Ana.
"Hehe, thanks," replied Ana, smiling too.
They both finished eating, Sophia said she was going to sleep a little at her hut, Ana thanked them for receiving her there and waved her hand.
Tod said that he was going to play some ball with the kids in the center of the village.
"Go there if you need anything, Ana," said Tod, smiling.
"Thanks, Tod," said Ana, smiling.

Then Ana started walking at the village, she asked a Kódek where the library was, he pointed her the way.
She started flying to the library, Ana arrived there and flew high in the library, she picked up four books to read.
The fairy sat on one table of the library and started reading, she was reading a book of the story of the Kódeks, maybe there was something about the crystals there.
She grabbed some fruits from the kitchen some minutes ago, before she, Tod, and Sophia ate, she left those fruits close to her in the table in case she became hungry.
The book told the story of the Kódeks, their secrets, how they lived, how they arrived at the Crystal Lands.
Ana looked to her right, there was a Soul Wasp there, reading a book, she had orange hair and an orange body, her body was shining.
Ana thought that she was so beautiful, so shiny, she liked how the Soul Wasps looked like, they looked like angels.
Then Ana continued reading her book, the Soul Wasp flew close to her, she looked at the book that Ana was reading.
"Hey, what are you reading?" asked the Soul Wasp.
"Oh, hey," said Ana, getting a little surprised, she did not saw the Soul Wasp coming close to her, "I'm reading the story of the Kódeks".
"Oh, that's interesting, they have a pretty great and rich story, I liked to read it," said the Soul Wasp.
"Hehe, yeah, I agree... are you reading something?" asked Ana.
"Yes, I'm reading a book that tells about the Soul Wasps and the Fairies," said the Soul Wasp.
"Oh, that sounds interesting, can I read it too?" asked Ana.
"Of course! You're a fairy right?" asked the Soul Wasp.
"Yes, I'm a fairy," said Ana.
"Oh, I always thought Fairies were quite cute, their wings are so cute and beautiful, ehehe," said the Soul Wasp.
"Hehe, thanks, I always thought Soul Wasps were cute, their body is really beautiful, their light, the way they shine, it is marvelous, astounding to look at," said Ana, smiling to the Soul Wasp, a little flushed.
"Hehe, I'm happy that you think that, thanks," said the Soul Wasp, smiling while being a little flushed.
"Maybe we can switch books if you want, I would like to read the story of the Kódeks too," said the Soul Wasp.
"Okay, that sounds good, can I ask your name?" asked Ana.
"Yes, my name is Rose," said the Soul Wasp.
"My name is Ana," said Ana.
"Okay... I'll continue reading my book, tell me when you wanna read it okay?" asked Rose.
"Okay, thanks, Rose," said Ana, smiling at her.
Rose walked back to her chair and continued reading the book that tells about the Soul Wasps and the Fairies.
Ana continued reading the book of the story of the Kódeks.

Ana looked at Rose and said, "Hey, Rose, do you know anything about the crystals?"
"Yes, actually, I already read about them in here, it was the reason why I wanted to go here because the Kódeks know the secret of the crystals," said Rose, getting up and walking close to Ana.
"The chapter where they tell about the crystals is the fourth chapter of the book, on page 113," said Rose, looking at the book of the story of the Kódeks.
Then Ana moved a few pages, trying to find the fourth chapter and page 113.
She found it and thanked Rose, then Rose walked back to her chair, sitting and continuing to read her book.
Ana started reading chapter four, it reads:
"At the beginning of the Kódek civilization, before the Big Curse of an evil race, the Kódeks have migrated to an island.
They found a lot of crystals on that island, coming from the ground, some small ones, still growing.
They were very beautiful, there were red, blue, cyan, pink, orange, yellow, white, black, and green crystals.
The Kódeks did not know where those crystals came from.
But after some Kódek Scientists and Researchers studying about the crystals and the environment, they found out that a great entity planted those crystals there, with crystal seeds.
They do not have crystals seeds there and do not know how to obtain them, but they still grew in there.
The Kódeks started building houses and huts in that island, making their home there, planting food and vegetables.
One day, a Scientist got a pickax and mined one crystal, it was blue, he wanted to find out what the crystals were made from.
The Kódek scientist grabbed that small blue crystal and studied it, he discovered that it had Potassium (K) in it.
His name was Heckler, he started doing scientific research, giving the blue crystal to Kódeks and analyzing how their body changed, if they had more energy through the day.
He discovered that eating the blue crystals, which had the element Potassium in them, helped Kódeks become stronger and grow faster, it helped them have energy through the day to do stuff.
Heckler was a great Kódek Scientist, he discovered a lot of things.
He continued mining and testing the other crystals, each one of them had a different element and helped the body differently.
Every Kódek now days eats crystals just because of his discoveries, of how great those crystals were to the body.
Other races do not have the habit of eating crystals, they really should try if they have the chance."
"Wow, that is a lot to take in, that is so interesting! I had to tell mom and the other fairies about this, they're gonna be crazy!" Ana whispered.
Rose heard her whisper and looked at her, saying, "Yeah, the story is awesome right? We Soul Wasps eat crystals every day, but we have some kind of medic prescription or some sort of balance, you don't wanna eat too much of them, bad things could happen".
"Really? That's pretty cool, Rose, I'm gonna tell the Fairies about this," said Ana.
"Yeah, hehe, it is really good, I think the Fairies have crystals in the Mountains of Aris right?" asked Rose.
"Yes, we have, that will be easy for us, hehe," said Ana, smiling to Rose.
"Hey, can I read your book now please?" asked Rose.
"Of course, I already read the interesting part, hehe," said Ana.
Then Rose walked close to Ana with the book of the Soul Wasps and Fairies in her hand, they switched books.
Ana started reading the book of the Soul Wasps and the Fairies, and Rose started reading the book about the story of the Kódeks.

After some hours reading, Ana was a little tired, she stretched and ate something, after that, she put the book back in its place on a bookshelf.
Ana started walking out of the library and waved goodbye to Rose, the Soul Wasp, wanting to meet with her again so, she was so interesting to Ana.
She walked to the center of the village and looked for Tod.
Ana found him and started walking close to him, "Hey, Tod, I'm gonna go back to the Mountains of Aris, I need to tell the Fairies about the importance of the crystals," said Ana.
"Oh, okay, Ana, come with me, I'll show you where my hut is so you can say goodbye to my mother," said Tod.
"Okay," said Ana smiling.
They both started walking to the hut where Sophia, the mother of Tod, was sleeping.
They arrived there and Sophia was awake.
"Hey, Sophia, I'm gonna go back to the Mountains of Aris to tell the Fairies about the importance of the crystals.
So I thought it would be good for me to say goodbye to you first," said Ana.
"Oh, okay my dear," said Sophia, getting up, then she turned into her human form and hugged Ana, smiling, Ana hugged her back, "Thank you, Ana, for bringing my son back home, you're always welcome here okay?" asked Sophia.
"Thank you for your hospitality, Sophia, and thank you for receiving me here, you're so kind, hehe," said Ana, smiling, "It would be a pleasure to go back here for a visit".
"No problem my dear, see you soon, Ana!" said Sophia, smiling.
"See you soon, Sophia!" said Ana smiling.
Then Ana hugged Tod tight in his human form and smiled at him, "Good luck on your survival things, see you soon, Ana," said Tod smiling.
"Good luck for you too in your survival things Tod, See you soon!" said Ana, smiling.

Then Ana started to fly back to the Mountains of Aris.
She arrives there and all the Fairies greet her, smiling, saying they missed her and that she is an important part of the race of the Fairies.
Lindsay gave Ana a big and tight hug, Panda too, they smiled at Ana.
Ana started walking to the hut of her family with Panda and Lindsay.
Jena, Lindsay, and Panda started eating dinner on the table.
Ana smiled and them and sat with them to eat.
"How was it to be in the Crystal Lands, where the Kódeks lives, Ana?" asked Jena.
"It was very good, mom, it was a pretty interesting place, I discovered the secrets of the crystals there, reading a book that they had in their library," said Ana while looking at Jena.
"The secret is that the crystals were discovered first by the Kódeks, a Kódek Scientist called Heckler discovered that the crystals had elements in them.
The elements that existed in the crystals gave great health benefits to the body, it helped it grow stronger and grow faster," said Ana.
"That is pretty interesting, daughter, I will tell some fairies to mine the crystals and collect them so we can get the benefit of those elements.
We are gonna make some tests to see if that works, then, if the tests say that it works, we are going to start eating crystals too, along with food," said Jena smiling.
After that, Ana finished eating and walked to her bedroom to sleep a little, she slept, listening to an owl, the water of the ocean hitting the shore.
And the wind blowing on the trees of the island.
After sleeping a little, Ana wakes up and goes to the kitchen, drinking some water.
Then she starts flying to the beach, she sees Lindsay on the shore, looking at the ocean.
Ana flies close to her and sits beside her.
"Hey, Lindsay, what are you doing here?" asks Ana, curious.
"I'm just thinking, sis, it's that I feel stuck on this island... I'm always here, just doing the stuff that normal fairies do.
Just flying, collecting stuff, making magic and spells, playing ball..." said Lindsay, looking at the ground, a little sad.
"Oh... I understand... I felt that too some months ago, that's why I left... that's why I always leave, because I feel stuck in here, and I don't think that I'm meant to be here...
Of course, this is where I was born, and I should visit here, but I don't need to stay here... do you understand?" asked Ana.
"Yes..." said Lindsay, who hugged Ana tight and closed her eyes.
Ana embraced Lindsay and smiled a little, closing her eyes.
"So... what should I do, sis?" asked Lindsay.
"Do you want to travel through islands with me when I go to them?" asked Ana, breaking out from the hug and smiling at Lindsay.
"Of course I want sis! It would be awesome, thanks..." said Lindsay, hugging Ana again and smiling a lot.
"Hehe, okay, sis, it will be very good to have your company, do you want me to teach you survival skills?" asked Ana.
"Yes, I want to learn it with the best!", said Lindsay, smiling while looking at Ana.
"Hehe, I'm not too good at surviving, sis, but thank you.
Let's go to sleep?" asked Ana smiling.
"Okay, sis," said Lindsay.
They both started walking to the hut of their parents, Ana said goodnight to Lindsay, and Lindsay said goodbye back.
They walked to their bedrooms, laid on the bed, and slept.

...

Then, after waking up, Ana got up and walked to the kitchen, Jena had already made breakfast.
Ana sat at the table, Lindsay and Panda were there too, Ana started to eat with them.
"Hey, sis, do you want to take a bath at the ocean after we eat?" asked Lindsay, smiling.
"Yes, a bath would be relaxing right now, even if I relaxed a lot while sleeping," replied Ana, smiling.
Ana and her sisters finished eating, Ana and their sisters started walking to the beach.
Lindsay and Panda had necklaces too, they also gave them magic and spells.
Lindsay had a necklace with a green jewel, it was given by her father, which was a fairy too.
The necklace of Panda was purple, it was given by a friend of her, that friend left the fairy colony some months ago to live alone, surviving on an island.
Ana started walking to the ocean, she started swimming, Lindsay and Panda did the same thing.
(A good bath in the ocean is always relaxing... hm... the chill water, closing your nose and submerging into the water, how relaxing...)
Ana made a spell with the help of her necklace to throw some water in Lindsay and Panda, the trio smiled.
Lindsay made a spell with her necklace that made it possible for the three to breathe underwater.
The three started exploring the depths of the ocean, looking at the fishes and other marine creatures.
It was so good to feel the chill water touch and cover their bodies, making them relax, making them feel the chill water and swim with it.
They felt so happy and relaxed there, swimming while looking at the corals, the fishes, the sand, what a delightful feeling.
Then the trio swam back to the surface, they noticed that they were a little far from the beach and the island.
They submerged into the water again and started swimming back to the island.
(This reminds me of a chapter of Desert Island where the character swam on the water, a little far, then came back to his island.)
Ana got out of the water and started walking close to some fairy kids.
"Hey, do you guys wanna breathe underwater?" asked Ana, Lindsay walked close to them, Panda did the same.
"Yes!" said the kids, smiling at Ana, wanting to breathe underwater.
Then Lindsay told them to get closer together, Lindsay made the spell using her necklace and the kids could now breathe underwater.
They thanked Ana and Lindsay, smiling, then walked close to the water and begin to swim, smiling and breathing underwater.
"Hey girls, I think I'm gonna take a bath and then I'm gonna go to an island," said Ana, looking at her sisters.
"Okay, can I come with you, Ana?" asked Lindsay, looking at the eyes of Ana.
"Of course sis! Hehe," said Ana, smiling, "Do you wanna come too?" asked her, looking at Panda.
"No, thanks sis, I think I'm gonna stay here taking care of mom and the village, also, mom said that the experiment of the crystals will begin today in the afternoon," explained Panda.
"Oh, okay, tell me how it was after it is finished okay?" asked Ana.
"Okay sis, good luck on that island, hehe," said Panda, smiling at Ana and Lindsay.
"Thanks, sis!" said Ana smiling.

Then Ana flew to her hut, where her parents lived, she walked to the bathroom and took a bath.
Then she walked close to Lindsay, which was in the living room.
"Hey sis, do you wanna go now?" asked Ana.
"Yes, I just gotta take a quick bath okay?" asked Lindsay.
"Okay, I'll wait for you, hehe," said Ana.
Lindsay then took a bath, she walked to the kitchen and ate something, then she walked to the living room where Ana was.
They both told Panda that they were living, they hugged Panda and Panda hugged them back.
The two walked to where their mother was and told her that they were going to an island, it was still morning.
Jena hugged them and the two hugged Jena back, smiling, Jena was going to miss their daughters.
Then Ana and Lindsay started flying, they flew high and hold her necklaces.
Ana started looking for a good island where she had not gone before, Lindsay was following her.
She stayed at a lot of islands, surviving, so she left her stuff there, the axes, baskets, food, and other tools.
Ana found a good island and flew close to it, she landed on the sand, Lindsay did that too.
"Is this the island that we're gonna stay, sis?" asked Lindsay, looking at Ana.
"Yes, do you like it?" asked Ana, smiling.
"Yes, it is pretty beautiful and big, hehe," said Lindsay smiling, she was happy to survive along with her sister.
So Ana started looking for a sharp stone that looked like a knife, she told Lindsay to look for one too.
Lindsay found one and gave it to Ana, Ana smiled.
Ana walked close to some stones and grabbed a large one, she walked to the ocean and soaked it in water.
"This is needed for you to make the stone sharper, so you can cut stuff with it," said Ana.
"So you sharpen the stone with another stone but it is wet?" asked Lindsay, curious.
"Yes," said Ana.
Then Ana grabbed the stone and left it close to the edge between the forest and the beach.
Ana told Lindsay to get close to her, Lindsay walked close and sat beside her.
Ana started sharpening the stone by scraping the stone on the larger stone.
She gave the stone for Lindsay to try, Lindsay managed to sharp the stone, it was very good, Ana was proud.
Then Ana walked to a tree and grabbed a thick stick, she showed Lindsay how to cut the tree when you do not have an ax.
Lindsay grabbed both of then and cut the tree very easily.
"I'm gonna show you how you make an ax, Lindsay," said Ana.
"Okay, I'm so excited, hehe," said Lindsay smiling.
Then Ana cut the tree in half and told Lindsay to make a hole in the half tree to put a sharp stone in there.
Lindsay did the hole and smiled at Ana, Ana was proud.
Ana walked to the forest and looked for a rectangular stone, she found one and brought it close to where Lindsay was sat.
"Now you need to sharpen this rectangular stone to serve as the blade for the ax, then you put the stone inside the hole," said Ana.
Lindsay grabbed the rectangular stone and sharpened it using the big wet stone.
Then she grabbed the thick tree branch with a hole and inserted the rectangular stone inside it.
Lindsay grabbed another thick tree branch and started hitting the rectangular stone with it to attach the stone tight to the ax handle.
She finished making the ax, Lindsay smiled to Ana, "Thanks, sis, I'm so proud of this ax, hehe," said Lindsay, smiling.

Then Ana got up and started walking to the forest, she arrived there and started gathering dry leaves and tree branches.
She left those dry leaves and tree branches on a place close to the big wet stone.
"Now we gonna start to make a fire okay?" asked Ana.
"Okay, sis," said Lindsay, smiling, willing to learn.
"So, arrange these dry leaves and tree branches like a campfire," said Ana.
Lindsay did that, after that, she waited for her sister's instructions.
"Now get two sticks, and make three holes in one," said Ana.
Lindsay got up and looked for two sticks on the forest, she grabbed them and walked back to Ana, grabbing the stone knife and making three holes in one.
"Put the stick with the holes on top of the dry leaves," said Ana.
Lindsay placed the stick with three holes on top of the dry leaves.
Then Ana said for her to get another stick and put it on one hole of the stick with holes, she did that and started rotating the stick with no holes.
Smoke started to come out of the dry leaves after Lindsay started rotating the stick.
Lindsay grabbed the dry leaves and started blowing it.
Ana said for her to put the dry leaves on top of the sticks and tree branches after the fire starts.
Lindsay did that and the fire started, she kept adding sticks and tree branches to fuel it.
Ana clapped and smiled at Lindsay, "Congrats sis! You just did fire!" said Ana.
"Hehe, thanks sis, I could do this with your help, you helped me a lot, thanks," said Lindsay smiling.
"Hehe, are you hungry? I think it is almost afternoon," asked Ana.
"Yes, I'm a little hungry, what are we gonna eat?" asked Lindsay.
"First we need something to catch the food," said Ana.
"Hm... a spear?" asked Lindsay.
"Exactly, we need to find a good thin tree to cut it down and use it as the spear," said Ana.
Then they started walking to the forest, looking for that tree, Lindsay was holding the ax.
Ana found a thin tree and told Lindsay to use the ax to cut down the tree.
Lindsay cut it down and grabbed the thin log, they started walking back to the campfire.
They sat on the ground and Ana told Lindsay to put the tip of the spear into the fire to char the blunt tip, she did that.
Then Lindsay scraped the burning tip of the spear in a large stone to sharpen it.
After that, Lindsay grabbed a piece of wood and polished the tip of the spear with it.
"Good work, sis!" said Ana smiling.
"Thanks, sis! Can we fish something?" asked Lindsay.
"Yes, I'm gonna teach you how to use the spear to catch fish," said Ana, walking to the shore of the beach, close to the water.
Lindsay walked there too, holding the spear.
Ana taught Lindsay how to aim the spear at the water, she said for her to wait for the water to get calm and the fish to calm down.
After that, Lindsay looked at the water, looking for some fishes, she waited for a little and shot the spear, aiming at a fish.
She got one fish on the first try, Ana was smiling, proud of her sister.
"Hehe, you're like a prodigy sis, you're so good at this!" said Ana smiling.
"Thanks, sis, I learned with the best, hehe," said Lindsay, smiling at Ana.

Then Ana grabbed the fish from the spear of Lindsay and left it on top of a stone.
"Now let's skin the fish to remove its scales so we can eat it," said Ana.
Then Lindsay grabbed the knife stone and grabbed the fish, removing the scales of it.
After that, Ana helped Lindsay to search for tree branches shaped like a V.
They found them and cut them down, after that, they placed those branches inside the ground, close to the campfire.
Then they found another good branch and walked back to the campfire, Lindsay grabbed the fish and put it on the tree branch.
Lindsay placed more branches on the fire and placed the tree branch with the fish on top of the two branches shaped like a V.
They were making a spit roast of a fish, the fish started to cook very nicely.
Lindsay hugged Ana tight and smiled at her, happy for doing the ax, the campfire, and cooking the fish.
"Thanks for helping me and teaching me about a lot of things of survival sis, hehe," said Lindsay, smiling.
"I'm always happy to teach you things, sis, it is good to teach the others what we know," said Ana, smiling.
They waited for the fish to cook, Lindsay walked close to it to check it and it was good.
Lindsay removed the fish from the stick, Ana grabbed the spear and caught a fish for her, then she skinned it.
Ana placed the raw fish in the stick and placed it on top of the two sticks for it to cook.
She waited for the fish to get ready and placed the cooked fish on top of a stone, cutting it in half and removing thorns and bones.
Lindsay did that too, she removed the thorns and bones of her fish.
They both started eating their fishes, smiling at each other, the fish was delicious.
"What can we do right now, sis?" asked Lindsay, looking at Ana.
"Are you tired?" asked Ana.
"Just a little, what about you?" asked Lindsay.
"Just a little too, do you want to sleep?" asked Ana.
"Yes," replied Lindsay.
Then they both laid on the sand and started to sleep, relaxing and resting.

...

After that, they woke up, Ana walked to the forest to search for some mud.
She found and grabbed it with her hands, she walked close to the ashes of the fire and left the mud there.
Ana started the fire again and refueled it, she made two jars of mud and left them close to the fire to dry.
Then Ana walked to the ocean and filled one jar with water.
Ana and Lindsay make some bricks with mud and made a furnace around the campfire.
After that, Ana made a lid of mud, she placed the lid on top of the furnace for it to dry.
Then Lindsay placed the jar with water on top of the furnace and placed the lid on it, the water started to boil.
After waiting for some minutes, Ana picked up two pieces of wood and grabbed the hot jar with them.
She waited for the water to chill, while waiting, she made two cups of mud and placed them close to the fire, waiting for them to dry.
The water was chill now, Ana and Lindsay drank one cup of water, they were happy about the things they built.
Ana and Lindsay looked at the sun, the waves of the ocean, the birds, they listened to nature, it was so good.
They were relaxed and calm, listening to the sounds of nature, feeling the chill breeze, lying on the sand.
The two looked at the birds, they could fly just like them, they were happy to be able to fly.
Because they felt free and relaxed, it was good to look at the islands and see them from far away, see every part of them.
They just enjoyed that moment, not thinking about their family, their problems, the future, or the past.
Just relaxing and enjoying the current moment, the present, the infinite moment, it is full of good things to do.
Ana and Lindsay closed their eyes, they imagined a world inside a crystal, where people could live there.
Then they imagined an empty world, and empty void with nothing, just an infinite white floor, and no walls.
You could walk forever in there and you would not find an end or a wall.
They thought about that place, about that void, they thought that it would be really good to be there.
To just think about nothing and relax, relax your mind, not thinking about anything, not thinking about problems, the past or the future, just feeling, listening.
They thought that it would be good for them to meditate a little, to feel the world a little, feel the nature.
Because that is something that is been here forever, and all the other things were things that men created.
So they enjoyed nature at that moment, just feeling the sand, the sun, feeling the wind, listening to the ocean, the birds, the trees shaking.
They thought that void was like lying on the sand, it was relaxing, empty, simple, not too many things to think about.
Ana always felt that when she survived and built nature things on desert islands, that relaxation, and calm.
Lindsay felt that for the first time, that connection with mother nature and the Earth, it was so good for her, it was a new feeling.
Lindsay was very happy, smiling from ear to ear with her eyes closed.
Ana was happy too, she could show Lindsay how nature was awesome and relaxing.

Then Ana got up, she looked at Lindsay, "Hey sis, do you wanna take a bath on the ocean?" asked Ana.
"Yes, it looks as relaxing as being laid on the sand, feeling nature and listening to it," said Lindsay, smiling.
"Hehe, okay," said Ana, who started walking close to the ocean, Lindsay followed her.
Then started walking deeper, the water going from their toes to their tummy, then to their neck, they started swimming and holding their breath.
Ana and Lindsay started swimming together, submerging into the ocean and feeling the chill water around their bodies, they were happy, smiling.
Ana held her necklace and made a spell for both of them to be able to breathe underwater, it was so relaxing.
They submerged deeper and deeper inside the ocean, looking at the fishes and the corals, exploring the ocean, the unknown.
Lindsay made a spell using her necklace, now they both could shoot waves of water from their feet, just like motorboats does.
They swam quickly in the water, going back and forth, the fishes looked at them with curiosity.
The two swam back to the surface and smiled at each other, the water going off their heads, they stayed on the surface, hovering.
"It is so good to swim with you sis!" said Lindsay, smiling.
"Hehe, I'm glad you like it, sis!" replied Ana.
"The fairies probably already began collecting the elements from the crystals by now," said Lindsay.
"Oh, that's good, do you want to go there to check it?" asked Ana.
"No, I want to stay here with you sis, hehe," said Lindsay smiling.
"Okay," said Ana.

They looked at the island and its trees, palm trees, the sand.
The two began to swim back to the island, feeling the water run through their bodies.
Ana and Lindsay got off the water and started walking on the sand, the fire was a little low but was still active.
Ana grabbed the ax and cut four trees, she thought about making a house, she and Lindsay grabbed the four logs and brought them close to the fire.
Then Ana walked to a good place in the forest, she started arranging the terrain to make a hut there, making the terrain flatter.
Lindsay helped her, she finished cleaning the terrain and walked close to the campfire, she sat on the ground and cut two logs in half.
Leaving her with four half logs or smaller logs, she brought them close to the cleaned terrain and dug four holes on the ground in a square shape.
Ana gave the four logs to Lindsay and she placed all the four logs inside the holes that Ana made.
Then Ana grabbed a thick stick and dug a hole in the middle of two logs that were inside the dirt.
She walked close to the campfire and grabbed one log that was not cut in half.
After that, she walked to the place where they were building the hut, Ana inserted the tall log inside the hole that she made in the middle of the two smaller logs.
It was going to be the support for the roof of grass that Ana was thinking of making.
Then Lindsay dug a hole on the opposite side of the tall long that Ana placed inside the dirt.
She walked close to the campfire and grabbed the other log that was not cut in half, then she walked back to where Ana was.
Lindsay inserted the tall log inside the hole she had in the middle of the other two smaller logs.
Ana walked deeper into the forest and grabbed some climbing fern to use as mooring.
Then she left the climbing fern on the floor, inside the square made of logs.
Ana grabbed the ax and cut three more trees, she brought them to the square where they were making the hut.
Then Ana grabbed one log and the climbing fern, she placed one side of the log on the top of the tall log, she tied the logs together.
After that, Ana lifted the other side of the horizontal log to tie it with the other tall log.
Lindsay held the log for her and Ana tied up the two logs together.
Then Ana grabbed one more log that she had cut and placed it close to the two small logs on the left side of the hut.
She tied the two sides of the horizontal log with the two small logs with the help of Lindsay.
Ana did the same with the right side of the hut, tying them up together.
"Hey sis, can you bring me six logs please?" asked Ana.
"Of course, hehe," said Lindsay, who grabbed the ax and walked deeper into the forest, cutting six trees.

She returned with the six logs, bringing two at a time.
Ana made three rafters with those six logs, each of them was two logs tied together to make a frame for the roof of the hut.
Lindsay and Ana placed the three rafters on top of the hut, making the frame of the roof.
One on the front of the hut, one on the middle, and one on the back of the hut.
Ana tied the three rafters together with the three horizontal logs with the help of the climbing fern.
Then Ana cut two more trees and cut them in half, she made two holes in the middle of the two points of the hut, the front and the back of the hut, in the middle of the two logs of each side.
She placed two logs inside the holes, one on each hole, one log on the left side of the hut, and one on the right side.
Then Lindsay grabbed the ax and cut ten trees, they had thin logs, Lindsay brought all of them to where Ana was.
Ana started adding logs to the frame of the roof where the grass would be.
She used five logs on the left side and five on the right side.
Then Ana cut one tree, cut it in half, and brought it to the hut.
After that, she made two holes on the dirt, all on the back of the hut.
One between the support of the roof and the small log on the left, and another between the support of the roof and the small log on the right side, making the back of the hut.
Ana and Lindsay grabbed a stone blade each, it was a sharp stone that could be used to cut things.
Then walked around the forest looking for grass to cut, to use as the roof of the hut.
Ana and Lindsay managed to get some packs of grass to use as the roof.
The two walked to the place where the hut was going to be built.
Lindsay placed the grass and Ana tied it to the roof using the climbing fern.
After some minutes of placing the grass and tying it up to the roof, they finished making the roof of the hut.
Ana grabbed a stick and grabbed some grass with it, lifting it and placing it on top of the roof to fill the gaps where rain would go inside the hut.

Then Lindsay grabbed the ax and cut some trees to make the wall of the hut.
She brought the logs to the place where the hut was being built.
Ana used the logs that Lindsay brought to weave in and out of the logs of the hut, making the wall and leaving the front of the hut with no wall, for entrance.
Ana and Lindsay walked to a river that existed in the forest, they grabbed some mud and walked back to the hut.
They started plastering the walls with the mud, covering the logs with it.
After that, they plastered all the walls, Ana and Lindsay also used the mud to plaster the floor, making it flat, clean, and good to lie in.
The mud stays on provided the roof keeps the rain off.
Then Ana and Lindsay made a fire inside the hut to dry out the grass and the mud walls.
After that, Ana filled one jar of mud with water and walked to the furnace, she placed the jar on top of the furnace, the jar had the lid on.
Then she walked to the forest to grab some sticks and branches to use as fuel for the campfire that was like a furnace.
The water in the jar started boiling, after waiting for a little, Ana grabbed the jar with two thick branches of wood and waited for it to cool down.
Ana then grabbed the jar and two cups of mud, she walked to the hut and sat on the floor, filling two cups of water, one for her and one for Lindsay.
They drank the water, looking at the ocean, the front of the hut was facing the ocean, they looked at the water moving and the waves forming.
There was a cool breeze in there, it was good to spend some time on that island.
Ana got up and walked to a banana tree, she picked up two bananas, one for her and one for Lindsay.
Then she walked back to the hut and gave one banana to Lindsay.
Both of them ate while smiling at each other, feeling nature.
"It is so good to survive with you sis, hehe, I'm so happy," said Lindsay smiling.
"I think the same, sis, thanks for spending some time with me, I'm so lonely some times, surviving alone, it is good to have some company," said Ana, smiling.
"Hehe, I'm glad to be your company, sis," said Lindsay, who the hugged Ana tight, smiling.
Ana returned the hug and smiled, they laid on the floor of the hut, they were a little tired, it was almost night.
It started raining a little, a calm and relaxing rain, it watered the roof of the hut, it shook all the trees.
The rain probably put out the fire that was close to the shore of the island.
They slept with listening to the calm rain, making the island colder, but still good to sleep in, the fire inside the hut could warm them if they needed it.

In the morning, Lindsay woke up and Ana did not, Lindsay grabbed the two cups and the jar.
She walked close to the furnace and ignited the fire, then she boiled some water for both of them to drink.
Lindsay walked back to the hut and left the jar of water close to Ana, Lindsay drank one cup of water and kissed the cheek of Ana.
Then Lindsay grabbed one banana and ate it, after that, she grabbed two bananas and left then at the side of the jar of water, for Ana to drink and eat when she wakes up.
After that, Lindsay grabbed the spear and walked close to the ocean, trying to catch a fish.
She got two and made a spit roast on top of the furnace to cook them.
Lindsay skinned the fishes, then cooked them, she cut them in half and removed the thorns, bones, and other things that were not eatable.
Then Lindsay grabbed a medium stone, she brought the stone to the hut, then placed one cooked fish on top of it for Ana to eat.
Lindsay ate her fish and drank one cup of water, smiling, the fish tasted delicious.
After that, Lindsay left the ax, spear, sharp stone blade and the fire sticks out of the hut.
She started flying, she flew high in the sky and started looking to the islands that were far away.
Lindsay asked herself where the Mountains of Aris were, she held her necklace and she felt where home was, she looked to the right.
After that, she landed on the sea, looking at the hut, the spear, ax, campfire, and furnace.
Ana woke up, she drank the water, ate the two bananas and the fish.
Then she walked out of the hut, looking for Lindsay.
"Hey sis, thanks for making breakfast for me, hehe," said Ana smiling.
"No problem, hehe, I like to take care of you, you're my younger sister after all," said Lindsay, smiling.
"Hehe, hey sis, do you want to go back home to check the status of the crystal experiment with me?
We can go back to this island later if you want," asked Ana.
"Yes, I want, can you do a spell for us to be able to locate this island when we want to go back?" asked Lindsay.
"Yeah, I'll do it," said Ana, who held her necklace and made a sphere with yellow borders that looked like neon appear.
"How should we name this island?" asked Ana.
"We should name it 'The Hut, Spear and Ax Island'," said Lindsay.
"That's a good name," said Ana, who named that island "The Hut, Spear, and Ax Island", that name appeared on top of the yellow sphere.
They could hold their necklaces and they would feel where that island was located, just like a GPS or compass.
After that, Ana and Lindsay took flight, they held their necklaces to feel where home was, then they started flying there.

Then, after some time flying, both of them arrived there, they landed on the sea, there were some fairies there.
"Do you know where Jena is?" asked Ana, looking at one of the fairies.
"Yes, she is in her hut," said one fairy.
Then Ana and Lindsay flew to their hut, they found Jena sat on a chair of the kitchen table.
"Hey mom, we're back," said Ana to Jena.
"Hey my dear, you're here," said Jena, who got up to hug Lindsay and Ana.
"So, how is the experiment going?" asked Ana.
"Well, we did a lot of tests, some fairies were becoming stronger after each they, and they had a lot of energy to do things through the day.
I told them to start eating crystals every day because they were good for their health.
I put a fairy in charge of being a nutritionist, to analyze the body and the health of the fairies to tell them what crystals they should eat and in what quantity," explained Jena.
"Oh, that's very good to hear mom!" said Ana, smiling.
"Hehe, yes, it is a very good thing, you made a very important discovery daughter! I'm so proud of you," said Jena, hugging Ana, and looking at her eyes.
"Thanks, mom, I'm happy that you're proud of me," said Ana, smiling.
"Do you both wanna eat something?" asked Jena.
"Yes, what do we have for lunch?" asked Lindsay.
"We have a fish barbecue with lots of vegetables and some spices," said Jena, smiling at her daughters.
"That sounds delicious mom!" said Ana, smiling.
After that, Ana, Lindsay, and Jena sat at the table to eat, the fish barbecue was served.
"Hey Lindsay, go call your sister Panda, she is playing some ball at the beach," said Jena.
"Okay mom," said Lindsay.
Then she got out of the house to call Panda for lunch, they both flew back to the hut to eat.
The whole family ate the fish, it was very delicious, Ana ate more than everyone, it has been some time since she ate something so delicious.

After that, Lindsay and Ana walked outside to feel the wind, it was very good, they wanted to relax a little and wait for the food to digest.
Panda walked to the ocean to take a bath on it, it was good to take a bath at the ocean in such a hot afternoon.
Ana and Lindsay just sat on the sat, below the leaves of the trees, in the shadow of it, they felt the cool wind.
They looked at the beach and saw some fairies eating blue crystals, they thought about making an appointment with the fairy nutritionist to know what crystals they should.
Then they got up and started flying back to the village, Ana and Lindsay flew to their hut.
They both grabbed a backpack, they placed notepads, books, pencils, pens, and other writing stuff inside the backpacks.
After that, they flew to the town hall, they found Jena there.
"Hey mom, we're gonna go back to that island to do a little more stuff okay?" asked Ana.
"Okay, take care of your sister Ana, and take care too," said Jena, who hugged Ana and Lindsay.
"Okay mom, I'll take care of her, and she'll take care of me, hehe," said Ana, smiling.
"Hehe, yes," said Lindsay.
After that, both of them started flying to that island again, holding their necklaces to know where it was, they were using the backpacks.
They arrived there, Ana searched for the hut and found it, she grabbed the ax and cut a tree.
Then Ana cut the log in half and made a hole in it, to put a sharp stone inside the hole.
Lindsay started looking for a good rectangular stone to give to Ana so she could make another ax.
She found one and brought it to Ana, Ana grabbed it, then she grabbed a large stone, walked to the ocean, and soaked it in water.
After that, Ana started sharpening the stone to make an ax blade.
Ana was sat on the ground, sharpening the stone, Lindsay was standing, looking at Ana.
Suddenly, a strange creature appeared there, at the side of the, it looked like it came from the sky, from out of the planet.
His face was a screen, it had a blue dot on its screen, he said that the name of their species was Korvax.
"There are some aliens that are invading my planet, I think they are of the Gek species.
So I fled to here, to this planet, they had a lot of spaceships there, landing on my planet, it was very scary," said the alien, in shock.
"Oh, I understand, how do you flee to here?" asked Ana.
"I used my spaceship, then I got out of it and sent a teleport beam to here, to teleport to the ground, then I landed on this island.
My name is Tetracovix," said the alien.
"Oh, my name is Ana, nice to meet you," said Ana, raising her hand for Tetracovix to hold.
Tetracovix held her hand and shook it, Lindsay said her name and shook his hand too.
"I'm sorry for your planet and your people, Tetracovix," said Ana, sad, looking at the screen of Tetracovix, where she thought his eyes would be.
"Thanks, Ana and Lindsay, I would like some help to go back there and defeat the aliens, the invaders, would you two like to help me?" asked Tetracovix, the Korvax, looking at Ana and Lindsay.
"Uh..." said Ana, looking at Lindsay, "Maybe... is it too dangerous?" asked Ana, uncertain.
"No, if your spaceship gets destroyed you'll be teleported back to here, I installed that type of system on the spaceship," said Tetracovix.
"Oh, okay, where is this spaceship?" asked Lindsay.
"It is close to the atmosphere of this planet, high up there," said him, pointing to the sky.
"And why don't you go there to get it?" asked Ana.
"Because my teleport gun can't point to there, because I don't know where the spaceship is exactly.
If I point my teleport gun up it could hit anything physical like an asteroid.
You have wings don't you?" asked Tetracovix.
"Yes, why?" asked Lindsay.
"Because you could fly up there to get the spaceship back, I'll give you an Exo suit so you can take the pressure of the atmosphere and breathe without air up there," said Tetracovix.
"Okay... what do you think sister?" asked Ana, looking at Lindsay.
"I guess that's safe... does this suit have a hole for our wings to go out? We can't fly without them," asked Lindsay.
"Yes, it morphs into your body, so if you have a tail or wings it would make a hole for them," said Tetracovix.
"Okay... can you give us that suit right now?" asked Ana.
"Of course," said him, who grabbed a kind of electronic device that had a screen, Lindsay and Ana never saw that type of thing before.
He touched two buttons on the touch screen and dragged two suit images to the direction of Lindsay and Ana with his fingers.
After that, Ana and Lindsay now had one Exo suit each, it had a jetpack or jump pack, a survival system, and some armor protection, it also had a hole for their wings to come out.
The items that were inside their backpacks were teleported to the inventory of the Exo suit, the inventory had notepads, books, pencils, and pens.
"Thanks, Tetracovix, we're gonna help you," said Ana, looking at him.
"Yes, we're gonna save your planet," said Lindsay, looking at the suit, then looking at Tetracovix.
"But first, can you tell us about everything about this suit and the spaceship?" asked Ana.
"Yes, of course, I'll also give you two a Multi-tool in case you need to collect some resources there, and also engage in combat without your spaceship," said Tetracovix.
"Really? Resources? There are crystals there too?" asked Ana, curious.
"Yes, but there are only red crystals that gives plutonium, they can be used to recharge the spaceship's devices, your multi-tool, and the protective layers of your Exo suit," said Tetracovix.
"Oh, that's cool, hehe," said Ana, smiling.
After that, Tetracovix explained everything about the Exo suit, spaceship, and multi-tool for them.

Ana and Lindsay started flying up using the Exo suit, they had their multi-tools in hand, they knew everything about the Exo suit, the spaceship, and the multi-tool.
Tetracovix stayed on the island, he knew how to do survival stuff too, he looked at the hut that Ana and Lindsay had made, it looked very good.
He grabbed the spear, caught a fish, and skinned it, then he cooked it using the furnace that Ana and Lindsay made.
After some minutes flying, Ana and Lindsay arrived at the spaceship, it was hovering in the atmosphere, wasting its fuel to stay close to the planet.
Ana opened the door of the spaceship and sat at the seat of it, Lindsay sat at the back of Ana.
Ana turned the spaceship on using a button at the right of the steering wheel of the spaceship.
She pushed some type of accelerator that the spaceship had, moving the steering wheel to move the spaceship.
After that, Ana got far from her planet, she looked at it from far away, she could see all the islands, she saw the Mountains of Aris where she lived.
The Crystal Lands where the Kódeks lived, where Tod lived, and the Clouds of Madness.
Ana oppositely turned the spaceship, she saw the red planet that Tetracovix said he lived, the spaceship had some type of interplanetary scanner.
Ana pushed a button and the spaceship scanned the planet where Tetracovix lived, it was called "Gears of the Korvax".
Then Ana turned the spaceship to her planet, she scanned it, it was called "Earth (Crystal Version)".
She could see the galaxy and universe where that planet was, the galaxy was called "Milky Way", the universe was called "C-512 (Crystal Empire)".
Ana found it weird that the galaxy had "Crystal Empire" written on it, she thought about it for a while, "Why there is an empire about the crystals? They are something that special?" thought her.
"Hey sis, what is the Crystal Empire?" asked Lindsay, looking at the screen.
"I don't know, maybe it is something that governs the galaxy with crystals and stuff, and that they have the monopoly of the crystals, or maybe I'm thinking too much, hehe," said Ana.
Ana and Lindsay were surprised by that, the planet of Tetracovix, all the things they told to them, the discovery of the name of their planet, Earth (Crystal Version), the Crystal Empire.
They found that very weird, and it was weird to look at all the planets that existed on the galaxy that they were.
Ana and Lindsay thought that only their planet existed, not other planets.
The spaceship did not have enough fuel to use the speed boost device.
Ana thought that the planet that was on war, the planet of Tetracovix, was too dangerous to go right now, they could see explosions of spaceships there.
The spaceship was facing the planet of Tetracovix, the planet of Ana and Lindsay was behind the spaceship.
After looking at the planet, Ana turned the spaceship a little to the right and pushed the accelerator, driving to a planet that looked safe to land on.
"Hey sister, what do you think about Gears of the Korvax?" asked Lindsay, looking at the planet that Ana was going to.
"I think it is dangerous to go there right now, but it probably was a good place to live in before that race invaded them and started a war with them," said Ana.
"Yeah... I agree," said Lindsay, a little sad.
"But we gonna make it okay? Don't worry, it looks like they are stopping, the explosions are becoming rarer.
I just gotta stop at this planet to get some Uranium to refuel the spaceship's devices, Tetracovix said that it would be out of fuel," said Ana.
"Okay sis, can I drive when we go out of the planet?" asked Lindsay.
"Yes, you can sis," said Ana, pushing the accelerator of the spaceship.

After some time flying, they arrived at the planet, Ana landed on the planet, they both got off the spaceship.
Ana scanned the planet, she could see a lot of resource icons with her visor.
Then Ana and Lindsay started walking on the planet with their multi-tool, using their Exo suit.
They heard a voice telling something in their heads, "Thermal Protection in fall", they could see that the planet was a little hot, it was 55 Celsius, 131 Fahrenheit, 328 Kelvin.
Ana and Lindsay opened the inventory of their Exo suit.
They both walked to a yellow flower and collected the elements of it using their multi-tool.
Both of them received the element Sodium, they used it to recharge the Hazard Protection device in the Exo suit, it protected them from extreme heat, cold, toxicity, or radiation, it was almost full.
Then Ana started looking around the planet, looking for Uranium, it had some iron and iridium resource deposits.
Ana found a good Uranium resource deposit, she saw that it was far away, they needed the spaceship to go there.
"Hey Lindsay, do you want to drive now? I found a good Uranium resource far away from here, we need to go there by spaceship," said Ana.
"Of course I want! Thanks for asking sis," said Lindsay, smiling.
They both walked back to the spaceship and entered inside it, Lindsay turned the spaceship on and took flight.
She marked the Uranium resource deposit in the map of the spaceship, then she pushed the accelerator of the spaceship and started flying there.
Ana placed her hands on the right window of the spaceship, looking at the ground from above, curious about the fauna and flora of the planet, the animals and the plants.
She wondered if she could eat the plants or if they were poisonous.
Lindsay just looked at the waypoint on the front window of the spaceship, pushing the accelerator of it, she was liking the adventure.
They arrived at the Uranium resource deposit, Lindsay pushed a button on the spaceship, the spaceship landed on the ground.
Ana and Lindsay got out of the spaceship, they walked close to the resource deposit, they grabbed their multi-tools.
Both of them started mining the Uranium resource deposit with the Terrain Manipulation device that the multi-tool had.
They gathered a lot of Uranium, then they used that Uranium to refuel the Launch Thruster device of the spaceship which was used to take flight.
The two also mined a nearby Pyrite resource deposit, they used that Pyrite to recharge the Pulse Engine of the spaceship, which allowed them to fly, do a Pulse Jump, which is flying very fast, and gaining speed boosts.
They noticed a creature close to the Uranium resource deposit, the creature was of the Korvax species too, just like Tetracovix.
"Hey Korvax!" said Ana, waving at him.
"Hey," said the Korvax, walking close to Ana and Lindsay.
"What are you two doing in here?" asked the Korvax.
"We're just collecting some elements to use as fuel for our spaceship," said Lindsay.
"Oh, this planet is called 'Mazda Kerotz', it is very hot, you will need a good thermal protection device to stay in here, it needs to be upgraded too," explained him.
"Oh, we know, we already have a good protection device, can I ask your name?" asked Ana.
"Sure, my name is Zyoox, I am a Korvax," said the Korvax.
"Oh... Your planet is being invaded by the Gek race, Zyoox," said Lindsay, looking a little sad.
"Really? Oh my..." said Zyoox, really scared and shocked, "My daughter is there, my wife too... why did I leave," said him, walking back and forth.
"When I left this planet, everything was good and peaceful there, everyone being good to each other, so I traveled to here and started living in here, my spaceship is still on this planet.
Why that happened... I thought we had a deal with the Gek race," said him.
"Hm... I feel sorry for you, Zyoox," said Ana, looking sad at him, "We had a person who taught us all these things, how to fly the spaceship, how to use the Exo suit and the multi-tool," continued Ana.
"The name of that person was Tetracovix," said Lindsay.
"Really? He's my brother!" said Zyoox, surprised, smiling a little.
"Is he still... alive?" asked Zyoox, looking at Ana and Lindsay with an uncertain face, a little sad.
"Yes... he is at our planet, surviving... like, building nature things with wood and grass, eating animals and stuff," said Ana.
"But... He's a Korvax... He doesn't need animals to eat, he eats electricity... Just like me..." said Zyoox, confused.
"Oh... Really?" asked Ana, surprised, "Maybe he just likes to do survival stuff them..." said Ana.
"Anyway, we gotta go out there, right?" asked Zyoox, "If he taught you all these things, then probably he called you two to fight for Gears of the Korvax," said him.
"Yes, he asked for us to fight and take his planet back," said Lindsay.
"Oh, okay, do you want to go there now?" asked Zyoox.
"Yes, we don't have much time!" said Ana.
"Okay, thanks for fighting with us!" said Zyoox, smiling, he shook the hand of Ana and Lindsay.
"No problem, hehe," said Ana.
"Don't worry about it," said Lindsay, smiling.

Ana and Lindsay walked to their spaceship, Ana turned the spaceship on and took flight, she stayed hovering inside the planet, waiting for Zyoox to get on his spaceship.
Ana scanned the planet with the planetary scanner, the name of that planet was "Rochesk Alpha", it was a deserted planet.
Zyoox got on his spaceship, he took flight and stayed behind the spaceship of Ana and Lindsay.
Ana pushed the accelerator and turned the spaceship upwards, aiming out of the planet, she flew out of the atmosphere, out of the planet, then she stopped the spaceship.
Zyoox stopped too, Ana flew to the Gears of the Korvax planet, where the Korvax and the Geks were fighting, Zyoox followed her.
Lindsay was a little scared, Ana arrived close to the planet, she entered the atmosphere and stayed flying on the planet.
Ana saw some spaceships, they did not look like spaceships that the Korvax species used, and they saw a Gek piloting it.
Ana grabbed the steering wheel of the spaceship firmly and pushed a button on it, shooting lasers at the spaceship.
Zyoox did that too, there were four Gek spaceships there, they destroyed all of them.
Then Ana, Lindsay, and Zyoox flew close to some Korvax, they landed their spaceships there.
Ana and Lindsay walked close to a Korvax, "What happened?" asked Ana, looking at the Korvax.
"The Gek simply invaded our planet, they brought their spaceships here and started killing the Korvax, we had a deal with them, but they broke it.
When they arrived here, their chief said that someone was spying on them, saying that it was a Korvax.
He also said that we stole a rare item from them, so they came back here for vengeance," said the Korvax, in shock.
"Calm down," said Ana, trying to make the Korvax calmer, "We are here to help you," said Ana.
"Ah, thanks Traveler, I appreciate your help," said the Korvax, getting calmer.
"So, what is your name?" asked Lindsay.
"My name is Yetsby," said the Korvax.
"Do you know where my brother is?" asked Zyoox, getting closer to them.
"Yes, he is at the central Korvax station, your spaceship can guide you to there," said Yetsby, giving two identical devices, one for Ana and one for Zyoox.
"But... Is he there? He was at our planet," asked Ana, confused.
"Well... We Korvax can teleport wherever we want, using teleport guns that we point to where we wanna go, and we can teleport back to our home too.
Where he was at your planet?" asked Yetsby.
"Well... he was at a desert island, it had sand, and a forest on the middle, the sand was around the forest," said Ana.
"Oh, maybe he built a portal there, we can bring a lot of things with us, especially in the Exo suit, he probably built a portal there using the elements that he had inside the Exo suit, so he teleported back home," said Yetsby.
"Oh, okay... Thank you, Yetsby," said Ana.
"No problem Travelers," said Yetsby, looking at them.
A Gek appeared there, Ana, Lindsay, and Zyoox prepared their multi-tools to fire, Yetsby aimed at the Gek and shoot him, killing him.
After that, Ana and Lindsay walked to their spaceship, entering inside it, and using the device, a waypoint appeared on the spaceship map.
Zyoox did the same, Lindsay turned the spaceship on, taking flight and pushing the accelerator to drive to the central Korvax station where Tetracovix was, Zyoox followed them.
Ana and Lindsay looked at the ground while flying, seeing Geks shooting Korvaxes, and Korvaxes shooting Geks.
There were sad looking at that, "It looks like one of the wars that we had, right sis?" asked Lindsay, looking sad, driving.
"Yeah," said Ana, looking at the ground.

After some minutes flying, they arrived there, the spaceships of them automatically parked itself on the parking lots that existed in the station.
They got out of their spaceships and walked inside the planetary station, finding Tetracovix there, laid on the ground with electricity coming out of his body, some cables of his body were disconnected.
Zyoox dropped his multi-tool on the ground while running fast to Tetracovix, "Brother?... Stay with me..." said Zyoox, perceiving that he was injured.
Ana and Lindsay looked sad at him, they sat on the ground, close to Zyoox, "Is he going to be alright?" asked Lindsay.
"Yes... I just need to give him some energy and connect his cables," said Zyoox, connecting the cables of Tetracovix, giving him some energy.
The Life Support device of Tetracovix was also out of energy, Zyoox gave him some, he recharged the Life Support device.
Tetracovix got up and grabbed his multi-tool, he was getting better, "Thanks, Ana, Lindsay, and my brother..." said Tetracovix.
"Thanks for coming here, you two," said him, looking at Ana and Lindsay, "I knew you could do this, I knew you were brave enough to do this".
"No problem Tetracovix, how did you get here?" asked Lindsay.
"I built a portal to here in the island that you two were before, I had brought the necessary materials to build the portal there," said Tetracovix.
"Oh, that's cool, hehe," said Ana, smiling.
"So, what we should do now?" asked Lindsay.
"There are still some Geks on the planet, but the war is ending, we need to get into our spaceships to search for them, we will get their spaceships for us, their items and elements too," said Tetracovix.
Then they walked out of the station, Ana and Lindsay walked to their spaceship, entering on it, Ana turned the spaceship on and took flight.
Zyoox entered on his spaceship, then Tetracovix entered on his, they both turned their spaceships on, taking flight.
The trio of spaceships started flying around the planet, looking for Geks and Gek spaceships.
They destroyed some Gek spaceships and killed some Geks, Tetracovix and Zyoox collected the elements and items of them.
After destroying the Gek spaceships and killing some Geks, there were no Geks anymore there.
The trio of spaceships got out of the planet, they flew to the space station.
The group parked their spaceships inside the parking lot of the space station, Zyoox and Tetracovix got out of their spaceships to warn the Korvax on the space station of what happened.
After that, the Korvaxes that was on the space station walked to their spaceships and turned them on, taking flight and flying back to the planet of the Korvax, Gears of the Korvax.
Lindsay sat on the driver's seat, turning the spaceship on and taking flight, Zyoox and Tetracovix did that too, all of them flew back to the planet of the Korvax.
They arrived there, they all got out of their spaceships, Lindsay and Ana were standing in front of their spaceship.
Zyoox and Tetracovix were looking at them, they thanked them for helping save the planet and the Korvax race.
They gave a reward to Ana and Lindsay, it was a transparent crystal that had a plumb bob shape, they did not know how it worked or what it did.
"When the right time comes, you will know how to use this crystal, and it will help you," said Tetracovix, looking at Ana and Lindsay.
"Thanks, Tetracovix," said Ana, smiling and accepting the gift.
They both said to Ana and Lindsay that they were welcome there, on the planet of the Korvax, if they wanted to go there for a visit, or to stay there, they said that Ana and Lindsay were their friends.
"You guys can keep the spaceship, the multi-tools, and the Exo suits, they are all yours, and they are a gift for helping us, you can visit us anytime," said Tetracovix.
"Thank you, Tetracovix, it was a pleasure to help you two and your people, and thank you for the gifts," said Lindsay smiling.
"No problem hehe," said Tetracovix, smiling at Lindsay.
Then they say goodbye to Tetracovix and Zyoox, the two brothers walked back to the planetary station, smiling, happy that they won the battle.
Lindsay and Ana walk to their spaceship, Ana sat on the driver's seat, turning the spaceship on and taking flight.
Then Ana started flying back to her planet, happy that she helped someone, she wrote everything she learned and saw in a notebook.

They both arrived at their planet, Earth (Crystal Version), Ana landed the spaceship on the beach of the Mountains of Aris.
All the fairies were in shock, looking at that strange thing, they never saw something like that.
Ana and Lindsay got out of the spaceship, Ana said "We had a big adventure today, and we discovered a lot of things!"
Panda walked close to them to hear.
Then Ana explained everything to them, she explained to the fairies that there were space and other planets other than theirs.
"There is a lot of planets out there, there are space and stars, other races, not just the fairies and the other races on this planet," said Ana.
"I had a friend who is of the Korvax race, they are very technological, he fell on this planet because another race was trying to kill him.
He gave me and Lindsay that spaceship, our multi-tools, and our Exo suits, he taught me and Lindsay everything about what is beyond the sky, about the spaceship, other races, he was very kind.
We managed to help him and his people fight the Gek race which was trying to kill his people, invading his planet.
We had a big adventure, and knowing that there's something more than our planet and our sun, we get a lot more smarter and clever.
I have recordings of the fight, we flying with the spaceship, we talking with the Korvaxes.
There is a big space and universe out there for us to explore, there are a million suns for us to see," continued Ana, who showed the fairies all the recordings that she had made with the Exo suit.
The fairies did not believe what they were seeing, all of them looked at the recordings, showing the spaceship of Ana flying, the battle with the Geks, Tetracovix, and Zyoox talking.
Ana showed them the pictures of the planets, of their planet from inside the spaceship, far away and big, she showed pictures of the Gears of the Korvax planet and the planet where she stopped to refill the engine of the spaceship.
The fairies were amazed by seeing all of that, they knew about a lot of things now, all of that knowledge opened their minds.
"My daughter, you're so smart, you studied the crystals and brought that knowledge to us...
Then you studied about the space, the universe, the other races, the Korvax, and the Gek, you learned about spaceships, multi-tools, Exo suits, and all of those things.
I'm so proud of you my daughter," said Jena, hugging Ana tight and caressing her hair, smiling, Ana returned the hug.
"And I'm also proud of you, you protected your sister from the danger, you helped her with all of those things," said Jena, hugging Lindsay, caressing her hair too, smiling.
"Thanks, mom, it was a great adventure with a lot of dangers, but it was good, and we were together," said Lindsay, looking at Jena.
"Hehe, thanks, mom, she protected me properly, hehe," said Ana, smiling and looking at Jena.
Jena thought about all those things, about what she could do now if she could send people to other planets to register and discover them, to look for good places to live.
Panda walked close to them, "Hey sis, where you two have gone?" asked her.
"We flew to a planet called Gears of the Korvax, it was the planet where the Korvax lives," said Ana, looking at Panda.
"Oh, that's very interesting, sis, can I go the next time you go on those big adventures?" asked Panda.
"Of course sis, hehe," said Lindsay.
"Thanks," said Panda, who hugged Ana and Lindsay.
Ana and Lindsay taught the fairies how to use the Exo suit, the multi-tool, and the spaceship.
They taught a lot of fairies on how to drive the spaceship, how to use its systems, and also taught about the universe, planets, stars, the suns.
The fairies could use the multi-tool to mine the crystals easily and collect their elements.
After an afternoon of teaching, Ana and Lindsay were tired, they grabbed their Exo suits and multi-tools, Ana parked the spaceship close to the hut of her mother.
Panda, Ana, Lindsay, and Jena laid on their beds, they slept while listening to the birds and the ocean.

They woke up in the morning, Ana walked to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, she prepared and ate it, nobody at her house had woken up.
She flew to the house of the nutritionist to make a check-up, she made some tests, he gave her the list of nutrients that she needed to eat from the crystals, what crystals she needed to eat and how many of them.
After that, Ana walked to the beach where some crystals existed, she was wearing her Exo suit, she grabbed her multi-tool, mining some blue crystals, some red ones, and some yellow ones.
Then Ana opened the inventory of her Exo suit, eating the elements that the crystals gave her.
Lindsay, Panda, and Jena woke up, they walked to the kitchen and saw that the breakfast was ready.
They ate breakfast and flew to the beach, looking for Ana.
The two found her, "Hey, what are you doing, Ana?" asked Lindsay, looking at Ana, curious.
"I'm just collecting the crystals that the nutritionist said that I needed to eat, did you guys made a check-up already?" asked Ana.
"I still didn't," said Lindsay, "Me neither," said Panda.
"Oh, it's good to make it earlier so you can start eating the crystals," said Ana.
"Yeah, do you want to do something today Ana?" asked Lindsay, being curious.
"Yes, I want to go to an island, do you guys wanna go with me?" asked Ana, curious.
"Yes, I want to," said Lindsay, smiling, "I want too!" said Panda, smiling.
"Did mom ate breakfast?" asked Ana.
"Yeah, we all ate, it was very delicious sis, thanks!" said Panda, smiling.
"No problem, sis, we should tell mom that we're going to an island," said Ana.
Then they flew to the hut of their mother, they found her there, sat at the table of the kitchen.
"Hey mom, we're all going to an island, okay?" asked Panda.
"You'll go too? Okay, take care of your sisters, Lindsay," said Jena.
"Okay, I'll take care of them, they're gonna be good," said Lindsay.
Then Ana started flying high on the Mountains of Aris, the other two followed her.
She wanted to go back to the island where she and Lindsay built survival things, Ana held her necklace and closed her eyes.
Ana felt where the island was, she started flying there, the other two followed her.
They arrived at the island, landing on the sand of the beach.
"Is this the island that we're gonna stay in?" asked Panda, curious.
"No, I just wanted to go back here for a visit, this is the island that we and Lindsay stayed on, and was the island where Tetracovix asked us for help, to fight in the Gears of the Korvax planet," said Ana, looking at the things on the island.
"Oh, that's very interesting, I want to see the things that you and Lindsay built," said Panda.
Then Ana started walking at the island, Lindsay, and Panda following her, Panda looked at the furnace campfire.
Ana walked to the hut in the forest, Panda looked at it, she wanted to build something like that.
She looked at the ax, the stone blade, and the spear, asking herself how to build that.
Then Ana started flying to another island, one that she had not built things on, Lindsay, and Panda followed her.

The trio arrived at the island, landing on the beach, they looked at its trees and the forest, the sand.
It was a good place to stay at, the wind was good, it was chill and the breeze was fresh.
Ana started walking on the island, she walked to the forest, the two followed her.
"We need a sharp stone to cut a tree to make an ax," said Ana.
Then the trio started looking for a sharp stone, Panda found one, she was happy.
Ana walked to a good tree that could be used to make an ax handle, she told Panda to go there.
Panda and Lindsay walked to there, Ana told Panda to put the sharp stone on the tree to cut it and hit it with a thick tree branch.
Then Panda did that, she managed to cut the tree, Ana told her to cut the tree in half.
Panda cut the tree in half and made a hole on the half log, then she started looking for a rectangular stone in the forest.
Lindsay grabbed a big stone and soaked it in the water of the ocean, she came back to the forest where there were shadows.
After that, Panda found a rectangular stone, she grabbed and walked close to the big stone, sitting on the ground.
She started sharpening the rectangular stone to use it as an ax blade.
Then Panda grabbed the ax handle and the ax blade, then she grabbed a thick tree branch, putting the ax blade inside the hole on the ax handle, hitting it with the thick tree branch.
"I did it, sis, I did it!" said Panda, excited and happy that she managed to make an ax.
"Yes, you did it, sis, I'm so proud of you, hehe," said Ana.
Then Panda walked to a tree, she started to cut it, rotating the ax around the tree with each cut, she brought the log to where Ana and Lindsay were.
"Can you teach me how to make fire, sis?" asked Panda.
"Of course sis," said Ana, "First we need some sticks, tree branches, and dry leaves".
Then Ana, Panda, and Lindsay started looking for sticks, tree branches, and dry leaves.
"Hey, I found some here!" said Lindsay.
"Good work sis!" said Ana, smiling.
The trio brought the sticks, tree branches, and dry leaves to one place, leaving the things on the ground.
Panda started arranging the sticks and tree branches like a campfire, she left two sticks out.
Then Panda grabbed one stick and the sharp stone blade, she cut three holes in the stick.
She placed the two sticks on top of the dry leaves.
After that, Panda placed one stick on one of the holes of the other one, she started rotating the stick very quickly inside of the other.
Then smoke came out of the dry leaves, Panda picked up the dry leaves and started to blow them gently.
After the fire appeared, Panda left the burning dry leaves on top of the sticks and tree branches, she added more sticks to fuel it.
She finished making a fire, Panda was very good at it, she was happy to learn these new things from her sister.
"Thanks, sis, I like to learn with you, hehe," said Panda, looking back, smiling at Ana.
"No problem, sis, I love to teach you new things," said Ana, smiling.
Then Panda started walking to the forest to search for some mud, she found it and grabbed it, bringing it close to the fire.
After that, Panda left a big stone close to the fire, she made some bricks with the mud and left them drying on the big stone, close to the fire.
Succeeding the drying of the bricks, she placed them in a furnace shape around the fire, then she grabbed more mud, she made two jars of mud and three cups.
Then she walked to the ocean and filled both of the jars with water, Panda walked to the furnace campfire and placed one jar on top of it.
The water started to boil, she removed the jar with two pieces of wood, then she waited for it to chill.
Lindsay placed the other jar on top of the furnace, waiting for it to boil.
Ana made two lids for the jars, she left them close to the fire for them to dry.
Panda filled the three cups with the water of the jar that has boiled, the trio drank the water, it was very good and refreshing, the chill weather had chilled the water.
The water on the other jar started to boil, Lindsay removed it from the fire with two pieces of wood and left it on the sand for it to chill.
"How about we make a house?" asked Panda.
"That's a great idea, sis," said Ana.
"I and Ana made a grass hut on the other island, I think you saw it right?" asked Lindsay.
"Yeah, I saw it, what do we need first sis?" asked Panda, looking at Ana.
"First we need a lot of logs, twenty-five I think," said Ana.
"Okay, so let's get cutting," said Panda, excited.

She started to cut a lot of trees with the ax, giving it to her sisters sometimes for them to cut trees too.
They finished cutting the twenty-five logs that they needed.
Then Panda walked to a good and flat place in the forest, she started cleaning the ground to make the house there.
After that, Panda placed four logs inside the ground in a square shape on the place she cleaned.
Then she made two holes in the middle of both of the two logs that would be the sides of the hut.
Panda then placed the central and higher post in the middle of the two logs, where would be the front of the hut.
Then she made the same with the back of the hut, placing the central post in the middle of the two logs.
Lindsay walked to the forest and grabbed some climbing fern to use as mooring.
Panda placed a 2-meter log on top of the central posts, linking one to another, she used the climbing fern to link the two posts.
Then Lindsay grabbed a log, she linked one of the walls to another using the climbing fern and the log.
Ana made the same, using the climbing fern and one log.
After that, Lindsay grabbed six logs, she made three rafters with two logs on each one of them.
Then the trio placed the three rafters on top of the hut, one on the front of the hut, on top of the central post, and the two logs on the sides.
One on the back of the hut, on top of the central post and the sides, and one in the middle of the two central posts.
After that, Panda made more posts to stabilize the structure, putting them in the middle of the two points of the hut, the first four initial posts, on the walls of the sides.
Then she made some smaller beams on the sides of the hut, on the walls, to hold the grass, off the roof.
After that, Panda made smaller beams inside the frame of the roof to hold the grass.
Panda then made two more stabilizing posts in the middle of the central post that holds the roof, one on the middle of the left side, and one on the right side, making the back of the hut.
Then the trio walked to a mountain that existed on the island, they used a sharp stone blade to cut some grass that existed in that mountain, getting a lot of packs of grass.
After that, they walked back to the hut and started placing the grass on the roof of the hut, joining it to the frames using vines.
They overlaid the grass on top of each other to protect from rain, then they covered the top of the hut with grass to fill the gaps, lifting the grass with a tree branch.
Then they cut some wood with the ax, they used the wood to make the walls weaving in and out on the logs of the walls, leaving the front of the hut with no walls, for entrance.
They grabbed some gray mud to plaster the walls, plastering all of them.
Mud stays on provided the roof keeps the rain off, they plastered the floor with mud to make it flat and clean.
Panda made some fire inside the hut to dry the floor, the walls, and the roof, smoke also deters bugs.
Then the trio grabbed the ax, stone blade, jars of water, and the cups, they brought them to the hut, leaving them on the ground.
Lindsay and Ana were sitting on the floor, drinking some water, Panda walked out, she walked close to a tree and grabbed three bananas.
Then Panda walked back to the hut, she sat on the ground and gave one banana to each one of her sisters, they ate the bananas while drinking water.
It was very relaxing, Panda, Lindsay, and Ana smiled, it was really good to survive with each other.
They laid on the ground, looking at the roof, those beautiful grass thatches.
"It is very relaxing to spend some time on an island like this, surviving, building stuff," said Panda, smiling.
"Yeah, I agree," said Ana.
"It is very good," said Lindsay.
They slept on the island, looking at the ground, closing their eyes.

They started dreaming about a world of crystals, a world filled with crystals that grew on the ground, they had different candy tastes.
Some of them tasted like chocolate, some of them tasted like a bubblegum, jellybean, some Brazilian food.
It was very delicious to spend some time in that place with lots of crystals, they ate crystals every day.
Sometimes huge chocolate bars fell from the sky, all the fairy kids enjoyed eating the delicious chocolates.
There were white chocolate, black chocolate, normal chocolate, lakes of chocolate milk, trees with sprinkled chocolate in the place of the leaves.
It was a very good dream, Panda, Lindsay, and Ana looked at each other, they were happy while dreaming that dream.