This is a story made by me and my friend Lu, or Lulu.
It started in 11/01/2019 in social media called Discord with my friend.
It was finished in 24/01/2019.
And reviewed and fixed in 08/04/2020.

It talks about two warriors and siblings going out on adventures around the world, good reading! 

---

Two warriors were walking in the forest as they always do, until seeing a weird hole in the ground.
They discover that it is a hole that leads to a stairwell, and there is a big stone above the entrance.

The boy decides to remove the stone that was on top of the hole, and asks, "So, who goes first?"
Then the girl says, "Me, bye," out of nowhere she jumps into the hole, with nothing to do, the boy mumbles and jumps in too.
The boy says "Ouch, that fall was painful, eh?"
"Oh, you weak-ass, can't you take a little jump?" the girl mocks, smirking at him.
"Of course I can, I was just kidding to see what you were going to say," says the boy, sulky.

The boy says, "Let's continue," while he cleans his dirty clothes from the fall.
They walk a little until they find a wall that looks that it was reconstructed, there are a lot of skulls and skeletons around.
"Where are we? on Alagoinha?" says the girl, confused.
"I dun't knuw," says the boy, with a strange (meme's) voice.
The girl then wonders, "Is this a cemetery? there's a lot of corpses around here".
"Maybe, don't you wanna hug them? since you're so brave," says the boy as he laughs a little.
"I'd love to, but what if one of them comes back to life then I'll have to save you from a ghost?" asks the girl.
"Oh, I doubt it, I can take good care of myself," says the boy, sulking.
Then the boy says, pointing forwards, "Let's walk more, we can see that wall later".

Walking further, they find a pickaxe that was left by a corpse, the boy grabs it.
"Could it be that it is a riddle and they are giving us hints for the puzzle that is to break the wall?" asks the boy, doubtful.
"Break the wall?" the girl punches the wall and opens the way, "Like this?" says her.
Then the boy gets scared with the action of the girl and says, "Wow, that's Wreck-it Ralph's sister", then laughs a little.
"It's not fair, the wall was already soft '-'", says the boy, upset.
"Okay, okay, can we get right into this passage that's sure to be safe?" says the girl, stressed.

Then they enter the passage and discover that it is a hallway that leads to a room, in the way they find various old photos and portraits.
"Do you think that there's still someone alive here?" asks the boy, doubtful
"It must be a stalker <a class="w3-text-white" href="#reference-1-chapter-1">[1]</a> or a weird collector..." says the girl while looking to the photos and portraits.

Suddenly the boy notices a photo on his right and says, "Look! this is my grandfather," and the girl also notices another picture and says, "Yeah, it's from a stalker".
"A stalker that knows my family, why he's interested in it?" says the boy in doubt.
"What your family has of so important?" asks the girl.
"Hm, I don't know, they are a little rich, and... maybe they have something important, a lot of history behind," explains the boy.
"Maybe this guy knows something that we don't know..." says the girl.

They walk a little and find a library with a lot of books, the boy grabs one, opens and starts to read.
"Tim Burton, February 23, 1472, has gone fishing, came back home and went to sleep..." the boy interrupts his reading to do a commentary, "This looks like a diary or a book from someone who's been spying another person," says the boy, stunned.

He starts to read a lot of books until he finds one of his grandfather's.
"He is with a boy beside him, looks to be his grandson, he's looking to the waves of the ocean..." the boy interrupts his reading again, "I remember exactly of that day, this guy is really a stalker," says the boy, more surprised than never.
"Okay... I think we should go discover who is this stalker," says the girl.

Suddenly they hear a bang and a footstep.
"So there are brats coming into my lair, eh?" says a thick voice with a terrifying tone that appears behind the duo.

He puts his two hands on the necks of the duo and lifts then, the duo shivers in fear and the girl punches him in the face.
"Still scared?" says the girl, courageous.
"Oh, you little pest!" says the man as he leaves the boy aside.

The girl gets a chair that she had on her side and throws it on the man, it breaks, he shouts in pain and gets distracted.
Then the boy gets a rolling pin that was in the table and hits the head of the man a lot of times.

They run to hide, the boy takes the rolling pin and the girl takes an iron ladle, they hide somewhere in the hole.
"Where are you, little brats?" says the angry man as he goes out throwing it all up to find them.
"It's everything we get into," says the girl trying to keep it down so she doesn't get discovered.
"Shiu!" says the boy with his index finger close to his mouth.

The girl gets a rock and throws it at the opposite side that they are in to call the attention of the man.
"Hmm?" says the man while walking to the direction of the noise of the stone.
"Where are you, I know you're there, show up!" says the man enraged while he looks for both of them in the place where the stone is.

The girl signals for the boy showing a path behind the back of the man.
They walk slowly out of the sight of the man, losing him. (Soundtrack: finger violin really calm and of suspense)

They see that they are far away from the man and continues to walk.
"I think we lost him," says the girl.
"Yea," says the boy.
They walk a little, they find another hallway and follow it.


References:
<a name="reference-1-chapter-1"></a>1. 
"Stalker is an English word that means "chaser" or "pursuer".
It is applied to someone that importunes insistently and obsessively another person that, in a lot of cases, is a celebrity. The persistent chase can lead to attacks and aggression. [...]"

The practice of spying and pursuing someone is called "stalking" (lurk). The term is used since the decade of 1980 where there was obsessed stalking of celebrities. In a lot of countries, it turned out to be considered a crime depending on the sentiment of the victim to the stalker. An example of a stalker is Stalker Sarah, a young girl known for taking photos with a lot of famous people and publishing it on the internet.

Source: <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://www.significados.com.br/stalker/">https://www.significados.com.br/stalker/</a>