They arrive at a dead end, and there is a paper on the floor.
The boy who is the smartest takes the paper and reads, "In this room, there's something I really like, but I'll also get rid of it in case I need it, it serves as fuel".
Then the boy searches for something that serves as fuel, he finds a log of dark wood thrown in the ground when he picks it he hears a sound of a mechanism activating (piston of Minecraft).
The boy notices that a hole has been opened in the wall, he throws the trunk into the hole, the hole closes and a staircase opens in the ground.
They go down the stairs and enter a room where there is a big rock, but it looks soft and easy to break.
"It's all yours, Wreck-it Ralph's sister," says the boy pointing to the rock.

The girl hits the rock with her head and the rock breaks in half.
"I hope you don't call me 'headstrong'," says the girl.
"Maybe 'stick head'," says the boy, making fun of her.
"We can reverse the roles, I can hit a stick in your head then the 'stick head' will be you," says the girl.
"No, thanks," says him.
"Boys first," replies the girl.

Then the boy enters first and enters right after.
They walk a bit, the girl steps on the ground and triggers a trap, with quick reflexes the boy can pull her back and an iron arrow with a chain attached to it is shot through the wall.
"There's a DARK MERED HERE?!" says the girl, scared.
"What a cheater <a class="w3-text-white" href="#reference-1-chapter-2">[1]</a>, what's with all the traps?" asks the girl, angry.
"All? I think you can't count right because I only saw one," replies the boy.

With a quick reflex, the girl throws the boy across the room and dodges a bunch of thorns coming out of the ceiling, "So far I counted two," says the girl.
"You're good at mathematics eh," says the boy.
"Are you alright?" asks the girl.
"Yeah, because of you, thanks," says the boy, who gets up and cleans his clothes.
"I think the path is still long, so watch where you step... or where you fall," says the girl who laughs right away.

They continue walking until suddenly a ball with thorns passes by them.
"Watch out!" shouts the girl.
"Yo save me again, thankies," says the boy.
"Here you really can't be distracted," says the girl that puts her arm around the shoulder of her brother.
"Yeah, I noticed that," says the boy while looking around to see if he sees some trap.

The siblings walk a little more and the traps stop appearing, they arrive at a tall and large door.
Then the boy pushes the door and they become blind with a yellowish light that comes from the inside of the room.
"Where are we?" asks the girl.
"I don't know, maybe some special room, or the place of a treasure," replies the boy.

After some time they get used to the light and they can see the room, they see a shiny golden sword stuck in a rock.
And also a stone sign glued to the wall above the sword that says, "Only the worthy of this sword will be able to wield it, only the person of the same blood as the creator of the sword is worthy enough for it".
"Well, here I go," says the boy.

The boy walks forward and tries to lift the sword, after using a lot of strength he can take out the sword from the rock, he perceives that the sheath is by the side.
He raises his sword and it shines with the light of the candles around, looking like a true knight, he looks up, admiring the golden sword.
"Wow..." says the surprised girl, looking closely at the sword blade.
"Yeah..." says the boy with the shining eyes, happy with his new weapon.

After checking and looking around the room, both of then perceive that this was the room of the grandfather of the boy and this was his sword.
"Do you think he lived here? my grandfather, I wonder what he was doing here?" asks the brother.
Then the girl replies saying, "I don't know, but I hope it's not macumba..."
"Me too," says the boy, worried.
"It is me or the stairs is shining?" asks the girl.
"Looks like it's, I guess it's for us to go up then," says the boy laughing a little.

A glow starts to emerge in the stairs and both of them start to follow, after some time walking they arrive at an exit.
"Well, it looks like that guy won't come after us," says the boy.
"Only if he misses that... a shining sword..." says the girl as she looks at it.
"Well, the sword probably stayed there in that rock for many years, because he isn't worthy to take it, then it has no use for him," says the boy.

The boy looks carefully at the blade of the sword and sees his grandfather's reflection in it, he looks back and sees no one.
He feels a connection with his grandfather and the sword as if it were meant to be his.
"Ah, you have a sword, and I don't even have a gun," says the girl a little sad.
"Hm, I'm sure you will find something, you deserve it," says the boy.
"Then... we better go back home and clean this dusty sword," says the girl.
"Yea," replies the boy.
They start to walk back home.


References:
<a name="reference-1-chapter-2"></a>1.
A person who acts dishonestly to gain an advantage.
"On the other hand, if one cheat and the other cooperates, the cheater gets the biggest possible reward, and the cooperator loses big-time."

Source: Google Translate English > Brazilian Portuguese mode, Word: "Cheater".