After a long journey, they arrive at their house and enter to rest.
"Hey you're her-" says the frightened mother, who interrupts her speech, but then goes on, "Oh my God," says the frightened mother with the sword in the boy's hands.
"What did you find?" asks their mother, "Grandpa's sword," answers the boy.
Then the mother says, "This sword has been hidden for years, and it is a relic, but it was meant for you my son, keep it well and take care of it, you deserve it, use it wisely Izaque".
"'Hidden' right, because we found it like that... accidentally," says the girl.
"Oh, and where it was?" asks the mother, "It was in a cave that we found, we had to run from a tall man that looked to be a stalker <a href="#reference-1-chapter-3">[1]</a> of our family," says Izaque.
"Oh my god! you have to be more careful! and you Lu, take good care of your brother, and Izaque, protect your sister too," says the mother in a worried tone.
"Okay," says Izaque putting his arm behind Lu's neck.
"Of course, he'll protect me... throwing himself on the ground while I help him evade danger," says Lu in a sarcastic tone.

Izaque goes to his room and gets a cloth to clean the dusty sword.
And he puts it in the sheath, keeping it in a hidden place.

So he goes out in the backyard.
"How about we practice aiming with Daddy's bow and arrow?" says Lu.
Then Izaque asks, "What do you mean? who shots whom?"
"In straw dolls! AH, HOW ABOUT WE MAKE A BIG STRAW DOLL WITH THE UGLY FACE OF THAT MAN!" replies Lu excited and shouting. 
"Sounds good," says Izaque a little sad.
"...you're still worried about the sword thing? you look so discouraged..." says Lu worried with her brother.
"I don't know, I'm not used to using it, maybe I'm not ready," says Izaque.
"Stop being silly, of course, you're ready! and if you're not," Lu makes a pose like she was a knight and then says while making a deep voice, "I will train you, young man".

Then Izaque says while smiling a little, "Okay then, hehe, can I bring it now?"
"What are we waiting for?" asks Lu.
"I don't know," replies Izaque, without knowing what to say.

Izaque then goes to his room, wears his sheath and then goes back to where Lu was.
Lu takes some straw and some old clothes to make the doll.

After a while making, they have a straw doll ready.
"So, who goes first?" asks Izaque.
Lu was already armed, then Izaque waited for her to attack.
She shoots an arrow aiming at the head of the doll, and hits.
"Can I go now?" asks Izaque.
"Sure," replies Lu.

Izaque takes his sword and gives a hit on the right side of the doll's belly, cutting it a little.
"Be careful not to destroy it all," says Lu.
"Yeah," says Izaque, who giggles right after.
"But I think I've trained a lot by hitting some people over the head with a roll of dough," says Izaque, who then has a long laugh.
So Lu says, "Really? the dough roll couldn't cut him in half," and then he has a long laugh.
"Yeah, I think so," says Izaque.

After a while, Lu and Izaque go out to venture again.
"Where we're going this time?" asks Lu.
"I don't know, it's always somewhere new, we can always discover something new," answers Izaque.
They keep on walking, always aware of the sounds and noises around them, so as not to be caught off guard.

Then the noise of someone stepping on a dry leaf sounds behind them.
"Did you hear something?" asks Lu as she looks back quickly.
"Yeah," says Izaque and looking everywhere.
"I heard," says Izaque agitated and looking into every corner.

Suddenly a thick voice comes up behind them screaming "Rrrraaaa!" and tries to catch Lu.
But Lu quickly jumps forward, escapes from the hands of the man and the siblings begin to flee.
The three of them start running through the trees and the siblings keep trying to dodge the man's attacks.
Then after a lot of pursuing, the siblings can confuse the man and hides inside a hole.
After many pursuits, the siblings manage to confuse the man and hide inside a hole.

Izaque perceives that the man's footsteps are far away.
"Do you think he's gone?" asks Lu.
"Maybe, be quiet," replies Izaque whispering.

Izaque gets a rock and tries to throw it far away from where the hole is.
He hears the sound of the stone falling to the ground in the distance and no more sounds.
"I'm gonna take a look, stay down there," says Izaque, then he puts his head out of the hole to verify the area.
"Sector clear, over," says Izaque.

Lu jumps out of the hole saying, "I think he missed the sword".
"Yeah," says Izaque while laughing a little.
"I think we'd better not go home yet, he can follow us and find out where we live," explains Lu.
Then Izaque talks back, "Yeah, but mommy will be worried".
"I take the blame, he wants our head, not our mom's," says Lu.
"All right then," answers Izaque.

The siblings get out of the hole to try to sight the man.
They walk a little and find no sign of the man.
"Well, it looks like he got tired of us," says Izaque.
Lu replies relived, "That's nice".
"What do we do now? walk back home?" asks Izaque.
Then Lu replies, "Let's keep our eyes open and hope he doesn't see us."
"Good one," says Izaque.

They start to walk slowly back home.
It is almost dark after some time they get to the door of the house and knock on it.
"Do you think we're gonna get screwed?" asks Lu.
"Probably, for staying out this late," replies Izaque.
"In this case, you don't say nothing, leave it to me," says Lu.

The mother opens the door saying, "Hello, my sweeties," after that Lu shouts, "It was Izaque!"
Then the confused mother asks, "What do you mean?"
And Izaque says, "What?"
"Don't you think we stayed out late?" asks Lu.
"Yes, you did, I only wanna know why," questions the mother.
Lu explains while stuttering a little and with a trembling voice, "A-Ah yes! it's that we had a setback in the way, but nothing we couldn't face".
"Oh, yeah? And what did you guys face?" asks Mom.
Then Lu replies, trying to formulate a plausible answer, "H-Hm... Izaque was afraid of some little mice that ran after us".
"Yeah, and Lu as always, protected me, hehe," says Izaque with a forced smile in his face.

Then the mother replies, "Okay, get inside, dinner is ready".
"Whoa!" says Lu in an excited tone, then she enters the house running and shouting, "I'm hungrier than a buffalo!"
The mother then asks, "What the hell, girl?"
"Oh sorry, 'Excuse me, dear mom, I am famished and your food looks to be appetizing'," says Lu with a cute smile on her face.
The mother says, "Sit down to eat, and you too, Izaque".
"Okay, mom," says Izaque.

Lu sits at the table and Izaque too.
"So, how are things around here, mom?" asks Lu.
The mother replies, "They are good, I'm very protected here".
"And how is the food kids?" asks the mother.
Izaque replies saying, "It's delicious as always mom".
"And you still ask?" says Lu talking with her mouth full.
"Lu, look at the manners! Is that any way to behave at the table little girl?" says the mother bothered by her daughter's behavior.
Lu says while gives a little laugh, "Sowwie".
"Hmph!" snitches the mother.

Everyone finished eating and go to their beds.
Lu and Izaque are still awake, trying to sleep while looking at the ceiling.
"Hey Lu, do you think that he'll pursue us again?" asks Izaque.
"I think so... but he can't take the sword, why the hell he still has an interest in it?" asks Lu.
"I don't know, maybe so he can keep it, or sell it, or a much deeper reason that we don't know, but what I want is to be able to protect Mom," says Izaque.
Lu sighs and says, "At least he doesn't know where we are..."
Then they sleep through the silent night.


References:
<a name="reference-1-chapter-3"></a>1. 
"Stalker is an English word that means "chaser" or "pursuer".
It is applied to someone that importunes insistently and obsessively another person that, in a lot of cases, is a celebrity. The persistent chase can lead to attacks and aggression. [...]"

The practice of spying and pursuing someone is called "stalking" (lurk). The term is used since the decade of 1980 where there was obsessed stalking of celebrities. In a lot of countries, it turned out to be considered a crime depending on the sentiment of the victim to the stalker. An example of a stalker is Stalker Sarah, a young girl known for taking photos with a lot of famous people and publishing it on the internet.

Source: <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://www.significados.com.br/stalker/">https://www.significados.com.br/stalker/</a>