The siblings wake up and see the sun shining through the window.
It is a little cold, they love cold mornings with the sun to warm them up.
The duo goes out to feel the morning sun.

"Good morning!" says Lu with a loud tone of voice.
Izaque replies, "No need to shout".
"Did you know you snore?" asks Lu.
"Didn't I know, did you sleep badly because of it?" asks Izaque.
"You sound like a horse with a bellyache, but I can ignore it," says Lu, who soon after has a long laugh.
Izaque replies with a sulky face, "No I don't sound like one".

"But let's get down to business, what we're gonna do today?" asks Izaque.
"First, breakfast," says Lu.
"Let's go," says Izaque.
The siblings go back inside.

Their mother had already prepared breakfast, "Come and eat my little ones," says their mother.
The siblings sit at the table and the mother goes to the back of the house to wash some clothes.
"Did you have a bizarre dream too?" asks Lu.
So Izaque asks, "I don't think so, what kind of dream?"
"I don't know, I dreamed about that hole that we got inside yesterday," replies Lu.
"Hm, I don't think I dreamed with nothing related to that," says Izaque.
"I have a bad feeling," says Lu.
"Why?" asks Izaque, worried.

After thinking a little, Lu replies.
"Because... it seemed very real."
"Do you think it was a prediction?" asks Izaque.
Then Lu asks, "Ouch, I didn't know that I was psychic, is that good?"
"I don't know, maybe," says Izaque giving a little laugh.
"Do you think it's a good idea to go there again?" asks Lu.

Izaque stays thoughtful for some time and then replies to her.
"I don't know, what if we get hurt? we were very lucky last time."
"Now we have the sword, if we train a little, you can become good with it," says Lu.
"Yeah, it's a shame that there's no zombie here for us to train," says Izaque.
"You're reading too much fairy tales, zombies don't exist," says Lu.
"Hm, maybe not," says Izaque thoughtful.

Lu thinks a little and replies to the boy.
"But it would be cool and at the same time bad if zombies existed."
"Why?" asks Izaque.
"Because zombies can infect other people," replies Lu.
"That becomes other zombies that infect others, thus generating a chain reaction," adds Izaque.
"It's true," says Lu.

After finishing chewing his bread with butter, Izaque asks something.
"So, how are we gonna train? there's nothing alive around here."
Then Lu says, "And we wouldn't kill an alive animal".
"Yeah, not even mice," says Izaque that giggles a little.
"That's right," says Lu," right after laughing a little.
Izaque replies while giggling, "I think we are gonna have to learn it by sheer effort then, hehe".
"Shall we go out and walk around?" he asks.
"Let's go", replies the sister.

The siblings enter the forest and start to walk.
After some time, Lu perceives that there are some weird trees near where the duo was walking.
She warns the brother saying, "I think I already saw those trees..."
The trees had holes that looked like scratches made by claws, and inside the holes there seemed to be gold.
They walk a little further and perceive that they are stepping on the root of a giant tree.
Lu looks forward and sees that there is something written in a wall made of the wood trunk.
She sees that there is an axe stuck on a wooden trunk.
Then reads the sign that says, "This axe was forged with the claws of the wolves that lived in this forest, the blade of the axe was made of the fervor and courage of the wolves, only a worthy being can wield it".
Lu while looking at it, notices that the axe is made of gold.

She faces it and says, "Oh my... I saw this axe in my dream!"
Lu then puts the hand on the axe and feels an extreme force, she has a vision of a lot of people, ages, the generations that used this axe.
She hears a voice saying, "You deserve this weapon, this power, take it, it is yours," Lu then pulls the axe with force and it gets off the tree trunk.
Lu strikes a blow against a tree with her axe and says in an excited tone, "Ahhhhh, this is awesome!"
"Congrats, hehe," says Izaque smiling to her sister, happy by her achievement.

They continue walking further in the forest.
Then find an open temple that looks to be very old, they get inside and get a torch to light the way.
"There must be treasures here," says Izaque.
"Now I want to know who gonna dare to confront us!" says Lu excited with her new weapon, feeling powerful.
"Yeah!" says Izaque excited too.

Then a kind of a mummy wolf appears, it growls and tries to attack them.
"Well... I said that, but this was pretty quick," says Lu worried.
Then she gets in front of Izaque to protect him.
"Calm down there little wolf!" says Lu, that after that strikes hard in the wolf.
The wolf gets a cut on his front paw and growls, then starts walking in the direction of Lu growling and angry.
While the wolf is distracted, Izaque runs to the back of the wolf and tries to find something to use against it.
Lu that was in a hard situation, growls back at the wolf.

Izaque finds a rope and discovers that there's a hole behind the wolf.
He gets the rope and mimes for Lu saying that he is going to throw the wolf in the hole, pulling it by the neck with the rope.
Lu kicks the wolf in the face, that glows higher to her.
Izaque gets the rope and throws it on the neck of the wolf, locking the rope and pulling it back with all his strength.
Until he finally can throw the wolf in the hole.

"What a heavy thing, needs to lose some weight," says Izaque, that after that gives a short laugh.
"It's the only thing this temple has to offer? we got along well!" says Lu who soon after stretches out her hand to Izaque and they make a burrow here.
"Pound it!" says Izaque in an animated tone.
"Let's go further before the owner of the temple call another guard dog," says Lu.

They walk more and find a lot of portraits and pictures of warriors, Izaque picks up a book that was on top of a table and reads it.
"This is the book to show and register the greatness and the courage of these brave warriors, the history and the legacy of them must be kept and remembered forever."
"I don't want to read all that, ouch," says Izaque, that after that gives a short laugh.

They continue walking more around the hallway and find some type of altar close to where they were.
There was a yellow light shining, they come closer and see that there are a yellow lamp and a glass cup on top of a pilaster.
"This cup looks to be important, but looks so fragile too, why is it so important?" Izaque wonders.
"Are you impressed with a cup? does it have some bewitched beverage?" asks Lu.
"I don't know, maybe it has, or a miraculous potion that makes you very strong," replies Izaque.

Lu thinks a little and asks.
"Why don't we look a little closer?"
"Okay," replies Izaque.

Then the siblings look to the cup closer.
"Hmm, interesting... you know Izaque, I'm a little thirsty..." says Lu.
Then Izaque says, worried with his sister, "I don't think you should drink that, looks dangerous".
"Why not?" asks Lu.
Izaque asks, doubtful, "I don't know, what if it's poison?"
"Only because it has a skull on the cup, dark bubbles coming off the water, smoke with a horrible smell and a lot of skeletons around the table?" asks Lu, not at all worried.
"I don't know, maybe, perhaps all these skeletons died because they took a sit of this delicious cursed juice," says Izaque in a sarcastic way.

Lu laughs and asks, "How you're going to tell mom that I died poisoned?"
"I think it would be a little hard," replies Izaque.
"So how about we both drink it?" asks Lu.
Then Izaque says, doubtful, "I don't know, I don't think it's a good idea..."
"And why nobody is protecting this?" asks Lu.
"Maybe because it's a trap, maybe someone who deserves can drink this liquid and not die," says Izaque.
"It must be because it's a trap, maybe only those who deserve it can take this liquid and not die," says Izaque.
Lu says, "So let's drink together because if I die I pull your feet".
"Oh my god... okay," says Izaque scared to death.

The two drink the weird drink together, they do not feel anything in the beginning.
After sometime Izaque looks at Lu and says stuttering and scared, "Yo-Your skin is getting green Lu".
"And those seem to be dragon scales on you," says Izaque.
"Oh my, I think that was liquid marijuana!" shouts Lu scared.
"I think so," says Izaque who then has a long laugh.
"But everything is normal for me, only you that is green," says Izaque.

Then after that, Izaque finds a book nearby and reads it, the book says, "This potion is experimental, can work with you, or you could die.
We don't know what it can do if you don't die, or in what it can turn you into, maybe a dragon, it is better not to drink it."

"I think it needs a more explicit warning of danger, or we're blind and didn't see the skulls on the side of the cup," says Izaque.
"Have you only seen this book there now?!" asks Lu with a loud tone of voice.
Then izaque replies discouraged, "Yeah... my bad".
"Oh my..." says Lu, worried.
Izaque asks worried and scared, "So are we gonna become dragons? how are we gonna tell this to mom? when will it pass?"
"And if it doesn't work you will die?" asks Lu.

It looks like everything is in slow motion for them, Izaque is worried and put his hands on his head.
Lu moves her head to look at the ceiling, feeling a little nauseous like everything is spinning around her.
The girl falls to the ground and Izaque gets worried, trying to wake up her.
"Lu, get up Lu! Luuuuuuu! noooooo!" says the boy, scared to death and thinking that his sister died.
Then Lu gets up, asking, "What's up? I just laid on the floor to sleep a little, don't worry about meh".
"You sound completely drunk Lu, what the hell?!" says the boy.
"Noh, I'mma fine," says Lu, that gives a hiccup, then continues, speaking with a drunk voice, "Let me just rest a little okay Izaque..."
Izaque while crouching and holding the hand of Lu, asks for her to get up.

After some time trying, Izaque succeeds to wake up Lu, she gets up.
Then the girl asks the question again, "And if it doesn't work you will die?"
The boy replies, "I don't know, the book says that if you don't die after drinking, something other than death can happen, that was what I understood".
"Okay..." replies Lu.
"Then, what do we do? Search for more treasures or get out?" asks Izaque.
"Let's continue..." replies Lu.

Izaque and Lu had become dragons because of the potion.
The boy was a purple-scaled dragon with the rest of his body yellow.
The sister was a blue-scared dragon and with the rest of her body black.

"This is not so bad," says Lu looking at her body and admiring herself, shaking her tail.
"Yeah!" replies Izaque looking at himself too.
Lu burps fire through the mouth and says excitedly, "I liked this!"
Izaque flies low and burps fire while rotating and says excited, "This is awesome!"
"Now I want to see who shows up in front of us!" says Lu, excited.
"Yeah!" says Izaque, testing his new powers.

They continue to walk within the temple; the pair hears a heavy and loud breath.
Izaque opens a high door and finds a dark room, the two decide to enter there.

They walk a little and Lu asks while she looks to her brother, "Did you fart?"
"No," answers Izaque, that right after lights a torch and discovers that they are very close to a giant dragon that is sleeping.

They take a slight leap back when they get scared.
"Wow," says Izaque in shock but trying to not wake up the dragon.
Then Lu says while moaning a little, like she had a bellyache, "I think I'm gonna lay an egg".
"Whaaat, I didn't know that," says Izaque baffled to hear that from his sister.
<span class="w3-text-white">("Disney's Zootopia - 11 - Work Slowly and Carry a Big Shtick", "<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o3cEYOxAjs">9o3cEYOxAjs</a>", starts to play here and plays until the end)</span>
Lu replies, "This is what must be keeping the treasure".
"Yeah, I think we should come here later, he must be tired," says Izaque.
Then Lu says, "If he is tired now, that means that he isn't gonna see we leaving".
"So we can get the treasure without him seeing?" asks Izaque.
"That's right!" replies Lu.
"Alright then," says Izaque.

The two of them start to walk behind the dragon, they find a pile of gold coins and gems.
On top of the pile, there is a shiny blue sword and a gold chest.
Izaque picks up the blue sword and gives it for Lu to hold while he tries to get the chest.
"It's very light," says Izaque with the chest on his back.
"Let's take this before he wakes up," says Lu.
"Yeah," says Izaque.

Izaque has an idea of making a fake chest and a fake sword, and leave it there on the pile of gold.
"I hope it works," says Lu.
Izaque replies, "Me too".
"So, let's go home?" asks Izaque.
So Lu asks, "Yeah... will Mommy believe this is a costume?"
"I think so, hehe, I hope," replies Izaque, Lu laughs.
Then they both take the treasure out of the temple and leave there alive.
They come back home with the chest and the sword.