Arriving there they knock on the door, the mother opens and says, "Ah, you're her- wait, who are you?"
"It's us mom, Lu, and Izaque, can't you notice Lu's smell?" asks Izaque jokingly.
Lu burps fire and says, "Hey mom".
"How and why you're dragons?" asks the unbelieving mother.
Lu asks, "So... remember when you said never to take things from strangers?"
"I do, why?" says Mom.
"No stranger has offered anything, we've just picked it up," says Lu.
Then the mother asks, "What do you mean?"
"We drank something that we shouldn't," replies Lu.
The mother asks again, "and this thing turned you into dragons?"
"Yea," replies Izaque.
Lu then adds, "That's what it looks like."
"Well, I'm sure it will go away soon, come inside," says the mother.

Lu enters the house flying low and Izaque enters walking.
"The dinner is ready, darlings," says the mother.
Izaque sits at the table and Lu too, they start to eat.

"And this chest and the sword?" asks the mother looking at them.
Lu then replies, "We had to win something in exchange for becoming two dragons, right?"
"Hm, okay, I hope it's nothing dangerous," says the mother worried about her children.
"Do you know what's inside the chest?" asks her.
The daughter replies, "We brought it here to find out".
"I understand, take care my little ones," says the mother.
"Okay mom," says the siblings at the same time, smiling to her.

They finish eating and go to their bedrooms to sleep.
Izaque wonders if he will wake up as a dragon or not.

It's already morning and Izaque goes to the bathroom to look at the mirror and says excited, "I'm still a dragon, yahoo!"
Lu does the same and shouts, "Let's burn a village!... o-of course, only if you want".
"I don't, I wanted to find other dragons, swim in lava," says Izaque.
"I think swimming in lava is just a myth," says Lu.
Then Izaque replies, "I don't know, maybe it will work with the thick skin of the dragons".
"Kids, come eat breakfast," says the mother from the kitchen.
"Okay mom," says Izaque from the bathroom, which starts to walk to the kitchen.
"I'm hungry like a dragon," says Lu jokingly with accompanying the brother to the kitchen.

The two arrive at the kitchen and sit at the table, the mother who was washing the dishes looks back and asks "Are you still dragons?"
"Yeah," says Izaque.
They eat breakfast and go to the room, Izaque tries to open the chest.
Izaque can open the chest and there is a golden glove with jewels of different colors stuck to it.
"Wow..." says Lu looking to the glove, surprised.
Izaque wears the glove and feels a lot of power flowing through his veins.
"I expected a little gold," says Lu disappointed.

Izaque extends his hand and closes his eyes, he imagines something and moves his hands.
"Izaque?" asks Lu worried about what her brother is about to do.

Suddenly a lot of gold coins fall to the ground.
"This is very good," says Izaque looking to the glove.
Lu says excitedly, "You sprouted coins!"
"Yeah," says Izaque excited too.
"Wow... let me see it!!" says Lu, that goes closer to the brother, wanting to test the glove.
"I don't think it's a good idea," says Izaque, that moves the glove away from Lu.
"It's better to put it away," says Izaque worried, who then puts the glove in the chest.
"Oh, okay," replies Lu.
"Let's go on an adventure till the hour of lunch?" asks Izaque.
"Yeah!" replies Lu.

Then the siblings go on another adventure, Izaque brings his grandpa's sword in the sheath, the blue sword and something more on his backpack.
Lu brings her axe.
"We could use these new wings," says Lu.
"Yeah," says Izaque, excited to test them.

Then they start to fly, after some time they decide to come down to a temple.
They start to walk inside the temple, suddenly they hear a bang and feel a trembling on the ground.
"What's happening?!" asks Lu in shock.
"What, I don't know," says Izaque, scared.

They walk more and arrive in a room where there is a giant dragon, he is awake.
"Who are you? You're not trying to steal my treasure, are you?" says the dragon mistrusting them.
"Of course not, we're just visiting here," says Izaque trying to calm down him.
"That's good," says the dragon.
"We're tourists, you know?" says Lu.
"Hm, so you don't live close to here?" asks the dragon.

"Yeah, we're from a place faaaaaaar away," says Lu.
"You live here? like, you've lived here a long time?" asks Izaque to the dragon.
"Yeah, it's quite some time, maybe a year, something... weird happened, that made me stay here, and I think I'm too big to pass through the hallways," says the dragon a little sad that he is trapped.

Lu holds her laugh and whispers to Izaque, "It must be funny seeing him trying to get through the hallways".
"Hm, it must be hard, I think we're going," says Izaque.
"Okay, see you," says the dragon.
The dragon's voice echoes through the hallways, saying, "Come back whenever you want".
"Goodbye!" says Lu.

Then the siblings go out and continue flying high through the sky.
"I liked that dragon," says Izaque.
"He was very pacific," says Lu.
Then Izaque adds, "Yeah, and very friendly".
The siblings decide to go in the weird hole they saw on the other day.