They fly and arrive there after some time.
"Is he still in there?" asks Lu.
"I think so," says Izaque.
Then the siblings enter inside the hole.
"He's gonna turn into a barbecue!" says Lu, angry.

They walk a little and find the man from the other time.
He is on his back, hears the footsteps of the duo.
The man turns back quickly, shouting in anger, "Dragons here? wait, I already saw that sword before, you are that boy who stole my sword!"
"Hi, I was there too," says Lu, waving at him.
The man gets an axe and a sword and goes close to them.
"Okay, since he doesn't want to be friendly," says Lu, who soon after blows fire through her mouth.
The man notices the fire and defends himself with the shield.
"Go Izaque, I distract him!" shouts Lu to Izaque.
"Okay," says Izaque that starts to run.

Izaque runs to another place to try to flee from the man.
Lu blows fire till it is over, "It's gonna be on the axe!" says her, that right after picks up the axe and goes after the man.
Izaque that is in another room, grabs something from his backpack and prepares himself.
He then runs to the room where Lu was fighting with that man and says "Get away Lu!"
Lu moves away and Izaque shoots a purple and weird ball in the man.
He gets stuck in some type of dimensional shield.

"This glove is very," says Izaque looking to it.
The man hits something that looks like glass, saying, "Get me out of here you little bastards!"
"Wow," says Lu, scared.

Then she asks, "You did that?"
"Yeah, I thought about something to put him away and that thing appeared," replies Izaque.
"This glove isn't from God," says Lu, worried about the object.
"Yeah, what do we do now? runs away and releases him?" asks Izaque.
"I'm not sure... he might come back," says Lu, that after that looks to the man and grabs her axe tighter, wanting to kill him, with anger in her eyes.

"So what do we do?" asks Izaque.
"I don't know why, but I feel an urge to cut his head off..." says Lu looking angrily at the man.
"You can't Lu, we never killed anyone," says Izaque, worried.
So Lu asks, "Why not? for everything... there's gotta be a first time..." that looks with an angry face to the man.
"Why not! I'm gonna find a place for us to leave him..." replies Izaque.

"But first... what's your name?" asks Izaque for the man.
Then the man sighs, perceiving that he does not have a choice, he answers, "My name is John Wiston..."

Izaque thinks a little and then asks, "Why you're spying on your family?"
"Because I'm fascinated by the Nazzevo family... all its history... culture, the things they did," replies John.
"What do you mean?" asks Lu, curious and a little calmer.
John breathes and then replies, "Like... started when I had eleven years, I was going to travel, I have traveled through many villages and met a lot of people, but no family that has fascinated me more than yours".
"You can keep the sword, and I won't pursue you anymore," says John looking down, a little sad.

Lu supports the axe on her shoulder and grumbles, getting a little thoughtful.
"You live with your mother right?" asks John.
"Yeah..." replies Izaque with a little fear and asking the reason for the doubt of the man.
Then John says, "So take good care of her and protect her".
"Why so much interest anyway?" asks Lu.
"I don't know... I like to search and register the things, like a book I read one time.
The book said, 'This is a book to show and register the greatness and the courage of these brave warriors, the history and the legacy of them must be kept and remembered forever'," says John.
"Wait there, so why did you attacked us?" asks Lu.
"Because I thought that you were simple bastards trying to steal my things... I didn't know that you were from the family that I was researching about," replies John.
"So... are you gonna release me?" says John.
"Yeah, I think he is not a threat anymore," says Lu.

So Izaque snaps his fingers using his glove and releases John, he goes back to doing his things on his table.
"So, let's go Lu," says Izaque.

Izaque and Lu come back home flying.
"It was nice to make friends with both of them, the dragon and the man," says Izaque.
So Lu asks, "Didn't you suspect that guy of asking about our mother?"
"No, I think I would suspect if he asked 'Do you live alone?'," replies Izaque.
Lu says, "Izaque, he knows our mother!"
"Wow... I think I suspected a little, but what harm can he do to us? if he wants to register our family it wouldn't make sense for him to hurt us," says Izaque.
"He said he didn't recognize us for the first time," says Lu.
Then Izaque asks, "And what about it?"
"I don't know, I feel like we already know him," replies Lu.
"I'm not sure, he is not from our family, so I think that's hard," says Izaque.
"Hm..." says Lu, thoughtful.
Then they start to walk to their house.