Then after some time, they arrive at their house for lunch.
They knock on the door and the mother of them opens and says, "Come in my sweeties, the lunch is ready".
The siblings sit at the table and start to eat.
"Mom... where do you think daddy went?" asks Lu.
Then the mother replies while looking to the window that showed the beautiful sky of the afternoon, "I don't know my dear, it has been a while..."
"He could still be alive today?..." asks Lu.
"Yes... I think so," replies the mother.

Lu looks at Izaque with a worried face.
"But why do you wanna know, daughter?" asks the mother looking to Lu.
"Only... curiosity..." says Lu while scratching food, worried and with a sad look.
"The food is wonderful mom... but I don't think I'm hungry..." says Lu that after that gets up and goes to the bedroom.
The mother asks for Izaque, "What happened to her?"
"I don't know mom..." says Izaque worried.
"You should go see what she's got," says the mother.
"Okay," says Izaque, that finishes eating and goes to the room.

Izaque gets there and sees that Lu is passing her hands on the axe blade, seeing her reflection.
The boy asks, "What is it, Lu?"
"I'm just a little pensive... just that..." replies Lu.
"Hm, do you think he's our dad?" asks Izaque.
"Would that be a wild guess?" says Lu, who looks at his brother.

He thinks a little and then replies.
"Maybe, he didn't care for us being there."
"He could trust on us enough to not worry..." says Lu, that goes back to look at the blade of her axe.
"Hm," says Izaque, thoughtful, he sits at his bed.

The sister comes back to look at him and asks.
"What do you think?"

"I don't know, maybe it's him... but if we try to call him back home he might not take it," answers Izaque.
"And what explains him running after us?" asks Izaque in doubt.
Then Lu replies, "He could explain that to us".
"Hm, I'm not sure, if you want to go, I'll go with you to protect you..." says Izaque.
"You know I don't need you to protect me," says Lu.
Izaque then says, "But it's boring being here at home doing nothing".
"So, let's go?" asks Lu.
"Yeah," replies Izaque.
Lu flies through the window and Izaque flies behind her.
They arrive at the hole where John lived.

The duo then enters inside the hole.
"This cave is huge, he might find us first," says Lu.
"Yeah, I think so, we have to be careful," says Izaque.

They moved on in the cave.
The siblings walk a little more and find John doing his things.
"Hey," says Izaque to John.
"Oh, you came back," says John.

"Can we talk?" asks Lu.
"Yes," replies John.
"There is some specific place for us to stay?" asks Lu.
"I don't think so, I get some chairs here..." replies John.

Lu looks to Izaque and says.
"It worked out better than I thought."

John looks at both of them, asking.
"But what do you wanna talk about?"
Then Lu asks, "Do you know our mother?"
"I'm not sure if I know or not... it's hard to know about this new generation of your family," replies John.
"But you asked about her..." says Lu in doubt.
"Yeah, but I don't know her..." replies John.

Lu looks at Izaque and says, "Do you think he's saying the truth?"
"Yes," replies Izaque.
"Hm... maybe I know her," says John.
"Let me see here, mother of Izaque and Lu..." says John while looking to his papers.
"I found it! the name of her is Ana," says John, lifting the paper.

"Yeah, it's Anna," says Lu.
"You better have weapons, strength, and courage, so you can protect your mom because I couldn't, I-I mean... I couldn't protect another person," says John, stuttering, with fear of revealing something important.
"Hm?" asks Lu.
"I couldn't protect an important person, so I got away from hey," replies John looking down.

Lu looks at Izaque and then looks at John again, she asks, "Who was that person?"
"My wife..." says John.

Lu looks at Izaque and then asks, "Do you need any more proof?"
"I guess not," says Izaque.
"I'm your father!" shouts John. (Darth Vader)
"...I knew it, your dessert is mine, Izaque," says Lu.
"What do you mean?" asks Izaque.
"I made a bet without you knowing, I was right and now your dessert is mine," says Lu.
"You can't, I won't give mine," says Izaque.
John laughs a little after hearing that.

Lu looks at John.
"And why you're still here?" asks Lu.
So John says, "I don't know, I don't think I've given up yet."
"Come home with us..." says Lu in a sad voice, looking at the man.
"I don't know if Ana will accept me back after what I did..." replies John.

Then Lu asks, "And what did you do?"
"I couldn't protect her, and I left..." answers John.
"She's forgiven us so many times, I bet she'll forgive you too," says Lu.
"Yeah, no need to fear..." adds Izaque. (No need to fear, underdog is here)

Then John replies, "I don't know... I'm out of guts..."
"We help you," says Lu.
"Ok... all right..." says John.
Lu says with an excited voice, "Let's get you home!"
"I'll try, thanks, kids..." John answers kind of sad.

Lu holds John's arm and says, "I hope you're not afraid of heights," then she gives a short laugh.
"Come Izaque, help me take him," says Lu.
"Okay," says Izaque, who then takes John's other arm.
Then lift John in the air and he gets scared, saying, "Wooaah!" while shaking his legs.
The siblings start to fly to the house of their mother.

Then they arrive there and land.
"Are you ready?" asks Lu to John.
Izaque smiles while looking at the two.
"Yeah," replies John.

Lu knocks on the door, Ana who was holding a fruit basket opens and says, "Oh you arrive-", Ana drops the basket and perplexed seeing John.
"Eh... surprise!" says Lu.
"I'm sorry Anna, for leaving..." says John looking down, sad.
"W-Where have you been?" asks Ana, stunned.
"Out there, cataloging the history of our family... please forgive me, Ana," says John, kneeling on the ground.
"Of course I forgive you, dummy! get up," says Ana that runs to hug John.

They both start crying.
"At least I'm sure he's not a crazy stalker," says Lu.
Then Izaque replies, "Yeah, I agree with you".
"Oh, come here you little things!" says John smiling a lot, who then pulls them both into the hug and laughs.
"Awww," says Ana finding John cute hugging his kids.
Ana lets go of the hug and get up, saying, "Come on in, the dinner is ready".

Izaque and Lu grab the fruits and give it to their mother to put in the basket.
They all eat together as a family, and always having new adventures along with their father, Lu and Izaque loved having their father back, they were very happy.
Izaque would love to visit other universes, of other stories to come, but he thinks it's too early for that.

So, for now, this is the end of this story, thanks for reading, I loved to write this with my friend Lulu Black Fazbear.
Unfortunately in the moment I rewrite and review this story (08/04/2020), my friend Lu is no longer entering Discord or Hangouts (Google+).
I'm a little worried about her and I wish I could talk to her again, show the new website I made for the story.
The Story of the Nazzevo brothers, I love this story, and I loved to review it and read it again.
Thank you for reading, if you're my friend on Discord, Twitter or SuperAnimes, please send me a message on those social media saying that you finished reading, thank you. :3

The story started on 11/01/2019 on social media called Discord with my friend Lu, Lulu Black Fazbear or Mrs. Black.
Finished in 24/01/2019.
Reviewed and fixed in 08/04/2019.