Type: Poetry
Title: The dusty text files under my desk
Author: Izaque Sanvezzo (stake2)
Reading time: 2 minutes, 3 seconds
Words: 519

As I look at my desk and my cabinet, I see that the desk is filled with dust, I think I need to clean it.
I use the various papers to write lists, things that my heart tells me, to organize the things in my head.
Every drawer has a paper on the front of it, labeling it.
There is a whole cabinet labeled as "Effort", for things that take time to write.
In that cabinet, there is a drawer named "Histórias" (Stories), for my stories to stay organized and clean.
Then I take the "Pequenata - Littletato" folder out and take out the Chapter 27 from the "EN-US Chapters" sub-folder.
I get the rubber to fix something, I walk to my desk and get a chair and pencil, I place the paper on the desk and sit on the chair, fixing the writing error.

Getting up, I place the chapter paper on its sub-folder.
Then I close that drawer and go to the "2019" drawer to fix my "My 2019" named paper that is a little wrong.
I fix it and store it again... after a whole day spent organizing things, all my cabinets of the "Notepad" room are organized.
While looking at some old papers that I have to throw away, someone sends me a message on Twitter.

It is Julia, an old friend of mine, I've known her for six months.
In the message, Julia is apologizing for sleeping yesterday and not saying good night to me.
I send a message saying that it is okay.
I keep staring at my cell phone while unconsciously organizing my cabinets and my files named "Chapter 24" and "Chapter 25", from my story called "The Life of Littletato".
Typing with one hand and organizing the order of the chapter files with the other, I wait for a response from Julia.

After a while waiting for a reply, my friend Julia says goodbye to me, she is going to sleep now, I say goodbye and turn off the phone.
I organize the order of the chapters of my story called "SpaceLiving" and store them on the right drawers.

I close the window of my cozy room full of memories, dyed and enduring on eternal planks of the way of learning to live, and the feeling of my childhood, the times I lived there.

It is almost night, it is dark outside.
I close all the drawers and store all the files.
Then I step outside the room and insert the key at the door, looking one more to all of those things, smiling again, feeling happy and proud of myself again.
Waiting for one more time, to do all of that again, because I love to organize my text files... I love to be organized, thank you for reading.
I close the door and leave.

("Organizing my cabinets, drawers and text files" is equal to "Organizing the text files at my computer's hard drive")
("Talking with Julia on Twitter" = "Talking with Julia on Twitter")

Poetry made by Izaque Sanvezzo (stake2)
My Twitter: https://twitter.com/The_Snakes90
Pastebin: https://pastebin.com/hb7HfZWD