I was a boy that always loved to watch videos of survivalism, bushcraft, things about nature, and survival.
Lived with my parents and used to go to school, lived a normal life, I was fifteen at the time.
I loved nature, trees, plants, and leaves, I liked to go to beaches and forests when traveling with my father and my mother.
It was always so relaxing to go to the beaches and forests, feel the wind, nature, breathe the pure air.
I wanted to try to make nature things sometime, make an ax, a boat, hunt animals, catch fish, cook food in nature.
Would be so fun to do that, just thinking about it makes me excited, that is my dream, to survive in nature.

One day my parents and I went on a ship trip, everything was going well, it was a 20-night trip.
People were distracted by the vibe and loud music, drinking, and talking.
The ship's commander was drunk and distracted too, the ship was going towards some rocks, neither the people nor the commander noticed it, but I did.
I was very scared, I tried to warn someone, shouting: "Look ahead! caution!"
I pulled on my dad's shirt but he did not hear me, he just told me to go watch some videos on his phone.
Then another person heard me and turned the ship sharply, moving the steering wheel, the ship grazed the rock.
And then it fell on its side, causing passengers to fall into the water, creating big bumps in the water, some managed to hold on.
One of these was my father, he ran to the other side of the ship with me and held on to keep from falling, holding my hand with his other hand next.
Suddenly my hand slipped and he could not hold it anymore, he unintentionally released it and tried to hold it back.
I remember seeing him shouting something, but the loud noise of the ship and the people shouting did not let me hear him, I saw his mouth move but I did not hear anything.
So I fell off the ship, looking at my father and wishing he could save me.
I was very scared at that time, everything seemed to be going in slow motion before my eyes, the sight of the ship turning and people falling.
Hit my back in the water and tried to swim higher, I looked at my father and saw him screaming in despair and looking at me, I thought that everything was lost and that I was going to die right there.
My body started to sink in the water and I started to drown myself, my lungs filled with water.
I think a lot of people died there, I hope my father and mother are alive.

After a while, I wake up on a desert island, there is no one around me, it is day, I open my eyes, looking at the blue sky.
I hear birds chirping in the distance and I see them flying, I hear the sound of trees swaying in the light wind.
The wonderful and relaxing sound of the water hitting the island's shore gets to my ears, the ocean moving and breathing calmly.
Feeling at peace, I close my eyes to relax, to hear the beautiful and relaxing sounds of nature, it is so good to be here.
I remember what happened before when the ship toppled over and many people drowned.
Lying on the beach, I look at the blue sky, with few clouds, the cool breeze hitting me, I feel sad without my parents.
My body feels hunger, my belly growls, I leave my hand on top of it and think of barbecue meat.
I know I have to get up, or else I would die in here.
Getting up, I clean my clothes and my face, which were soiled with sand.

While walking around the island looking for people, I only find birds, rocks, sand, trees, and some soybeans and bamboo.
I cry for help but I can not hear anything except the echo of my voice at the island.
I remember the days when I watched videos of survivalism, survival, and bushcraft.
Thinking of a specific channel on the website that watched those videos.
It was called "Primitive Technology", I learned many things about nature, survival, and bushcraft with it.
There were videos of bushcraft and nature craft, they were so relaxing, no talking, only actions, nature.
There were farm videos, videos of knives, axes, spears, bows, houses, huts, a lot of things.
I already learned how to make ropes out of leaf fibers, plants, and other things, but I never tried to do it.

I think of trying to make a rope out of leaf fiber, remembering the things I learned from the videos.
Then I walk a little more and go inside the forest, I find a small stone that is shaped loosely like a knife.
I find a big stone and soak it with water from a small river that is nearby.
So I sit on the ground with the stone that looks like a knife and I start carving it until it looks like a sharp knife.

After that I get up and look for a thick tree, I start cutting it in half with the knife, hitting the knife with a thick tree branch.
Then I cut it in half to make an ax handle, I take the handle to the same place I was and sit there.
I start to make a hole in the handle so I can put a sharp stone inside it.

After making the hole, I look for a rectangular stone and find one, taking it to the place where the ax handle was.
I use the same big, wet stone as before to polish the rectangular stone.
After doing this, I place the rectangular stone in the handle hole and hit it with a piece of tree, to adjust it and fasten it on the handle.

After making the ax, I pick it up and walk to the coast of the island where there is sand.
I leave the ax on the ground and start bringing stones from the forest to the sand.
Writing the word "Help" in Brazilian Portuguese on the sand using the stones, then I take my ax back.
After that, I think of my parents, I wonder if they are looking for me, I feel sad to be without them.
I miss them so much, I wanted to be with them right now, even if I am happy here, surviving, making nature craft.
Lying on the sand, I leave my ax beside me and watch the waves of the water move.
I see an ocean so big and vast, I see other islands in the distance.
I want to visit those islands one day, I think it would be cool to do that.
Maybe there are other people there, surviving like me, waiting for someone to come by, waiting for help.
"What do these islands hold for me? What will I discover there? Maybe just animals and nature... maybe more.
Maybe something more special, rare, and exciting, I don't know, but I need to go and take a look someday.
I have the curiosity to go there and look, because I like to learn new things and to discover," I think to myself.