Leaving my ax on the sand part of the beach that I was lying on, I pick up my sharp stone knife.
I think about making a basket to be able to store things.
Looking for soybean seedlings to make a rope, I cut some of them with my knife.
Picking them up and walking over to where my ax was, I leave them on the ground.
I go to the forest again and pick up some palm leaves to use as a weaving material.
Then I go back to the place where my ax is and leave the leaves aside.
I split the soy cane in half to get an even more flexible material.
I start tying the leaves in a spiral roll to serve as the bottom of the basket.
After finishing the bottom of the basket, I start using leaves and strands of soy cane to make the top part of the basket, spiraling upwards.
Then I finish making the basket and leave it close to my ax, it is very tall, I think I can store a lot of things inside it.
I walk to the forest looking for a good place to stay.
Near the part of the island where there is sand, I find some trees that were born in a very convenient way.
They are a little downward, and their large leaves that look like palm leaves are forming some kind of shell.
A shell with two large leaves, where I can lie down, protect myself from rain or heat, and also sleep.

I think it is a good place to stay, I go to the beach and hold my ax with my hands, I keep my stone knife in my pocket.
Then I see that there are a little dirt and sand on the ground of the shell of leaves.
After that, I take a large palm leaf and use it as a carpet for the ground, so I do not get dirty with the dirt and sand.
Then I leave my ax and knife there, close to the ground of the shell of leaves.
I go over to where I left the basket and pick it up, bringing it to the shell of leaves, leaving it beside me.
Sitting on the shell, I feel the cool breeze and relax a little, looking at my ax, knife, and basket.
Then I feel my belly growl again, but this time it is louder.
I get up and look for fruit trees, I find an apple tree and a banana one.
After that, I collect some of the fruits, eating two bananas, I keep the rest of the bananas and apples that I collected inside the basket, close to the shell of leaves.
I look inside the basket, it haves five bananas and three apples.

After eating another banana, I feel satisfied.
I think I need to learn how to make fire, it is getting a little cold on the island.
Then I pick up my stone knife and look for some coniferous trees, after finding them, I cut some.
After that, I bring some kindling to a place near the shell of leaves.
I place them on the ground, putting one on top of the other.
With two sticks in hand, I take my knife and cut three holes in one.
I pick up some dry leaves on the ground to use as a wick, grinding them, then I bring them next to the place where the sticks were.
After that, I place the stick that has holes on top of the milled leaves and I pick up the other stick without holes.
I sit on the ground and place it in one of the holes in the other stick, turning it against the other until smoke comes out of the milled leaves.
After the smoke appears, I remove the two sticks from the leaves and pick them up with my hands, blowing gently to make ignite the fire.
I manage to make it burn, I take the milled leaves and place them on top of the kindling arranged in the shape of a fire.
Then I keep adding small sticks over the fire while I blow it to make it bigger.

After that, I walk to a part of the island where there is a water stream coming from a brook.
They say that it is there where the best water is obtained, the running water, I start to get some mud that was close to the water.
Then I make a ball of mud, bringing it to the place where I made the fire, it was a little weak, I added more sticks and branches to it.
After doing that, I find a big stone and place it next to the ball of mud.
I start shaping the ball of mud to make a mud cup, leaving it on top of the big stone, close to the fire for it to dry.
Then I wait for a while, the mud cup gets dry, I take another big stone and leave it close to the fire, putting some ashes of the fire on top of it to better handle the mud.

After the fire goes out, I place the ashes of it close to the big stone with ashes on top of it.
Then I start another fire using the two sticks and milled leaves, placing sticks around the mud cup.
Waiting for a while, I look inside the bunch of sticks, the mud cup is glowing hot and red, turning to ceramic.
I grab some sticks and remove the mud cup from inside of the sticks.
Tapping the mud cup with one stick, I notice that it is very firm.
I walk to the brook in the forest, filling the mud cup with water, then I go back to the place where the fire was.
Then I light the fire again, leaving a stone close to it, to warm it up.
After waiting for a while, I use two branches to pick up the hot stone, throwing it inside the mud cup with water.
The water inside the cup starts to boil, I wait for some minutes.
Then the water stops boiling, I remove the stone from inside the cup.
I wait for a while for the water to get a little chill, then I grab the cup with my hands.
I take a few sips of the water, it is really good and refreshing.

The fire is still burning, I still have that ball of mud that I made, I use some of it to make a lid for the cup.
After I finish making the lid, I place it close to the fire, covering the lid with some branches.
Then I wait for a little, the lid becomes dry, I grab it and close the cup of water with it, bringing it to the shell of leaves, sitting on the ground, and looking at the sea.
Leaving the cup of water beside me, at my right, I leave my ax on my left, close to the stone knife.
The cup of water is close to the basket that I built, it is late afternoon, almost dark, I grab a banana from the basket, eating it.
Then I bury the peel inside the ground, I notice that the fire is almost out, the smoke is still coming out.
I drink the whole cup of water that I filled, filling it again with water, leaving it close to the fire for the water to boil.
After that, I start the fire again using the two sticks, waiting for the water to boil.
The water boils, I wait for it to get chill, after that, I grab the cup with my hands, drinking some of the water and closing it with the lid.
Then I walk to the shell of leaves, leaving the cup close to the basket.
I grab a large palm leaf that was close and cover myself with it, using it as a blanket.
After that, I sleep calmly, dreaming about good things, feeling nature.
The chill breeze, hearing some birds in the distance, hearing the palm leaves swaying in the wind, the ocean moving.
It is really good to sleep here on this island, it makes me calm and relaxed, the weather is good, not too hot, not too cold.
This is what I wanted, to sleep in nature, to sleep close to trees, sand, dirt, feeling the leaves, hearing and feeling nature, the birds, and other animals.