I wake up in the middle of the morning, looking at the sun on the horizon, I feel calm and peaceful.
Looking at my left, I see my axe and my knife, all made of stone, I get happy.
I open the basket and eat two bananas, I think I need to make a farm to plant vegetables.

Grabbing my axe, I get up and walk to the forest, thinking of making a house.
I cut seven trees and bring the trunk of them to a part at the right of the conch of leaves, in the dirt part of the island.
Walking to the conch of leaves, I grab my knife and put it inside my pocket.
I dig a hole and squarely place four of the logs, placing one trunk on the upper left side, one on the upper right, one on the bottom left and another on the bottom right side, making a square.

Then I place one taller log in the middle of the front side of the house, and one on the backside.
I get some logs and make holes in them, to place them in the left and right side of the house, making the base of the wall and joining the vertical beams together.
Then I use Loya cane fiber to fix them together.

I make a triangle format using two logs and I join them together.
Repeating this process two more times, I make three roof bases.
I grab the logs in a triangle format and place them at the top of the foundation of the house, making the base of the roof.

I make a tile frame out of Loya cane and start making some tiles to use as the roof of the house.
While making the tiles, I make a nib on each one of them for the house to hold it.
I place the tiles on the ground and leave them to dry.
Then I make a kiln using mud and fire, to heat the tiles and make them harder.
After finishing the kiln, I fire it up and place the tiles inside it and use broken tiles to cover the kiln, then I wait for a while.

Then after waiting, I remove the broken tiles from the top of the kiln using a stick and grab them with my hand.
I walk to the house and start placing the tiles on the roof, with the several logs that I placed in the roof frame helping hold the tiles.

After a while working on making the tiles and placing them, I noticed that there was a hole in the roof, the center hole on the middle of the house, I needed some curved tiles to close that hole.
I started making some curved cap tiles to put there, using a log to curve them.
Then I start the fire on the kiln again and heat the tiles, making them harder.
I place the first curved tile carefully on top of the roof, I get inside the house and continued placing the tiles.

Then I start grabbing some large stones to use as a wall for the house.
After placing them, I start digging an underground heating system and covering it with flat stones.
There is a hole on the backside of the house, and one on the front side.
I start sealing the flat stones with mud and make a fire at the front of the house, in the front hole, the smoke comes out of the hole in the backside of the house.
Then I make a chimney in the back of the house to improve airflow.
I put more mud at the top of the heating system and place more wood in the underground fire.

Walking to my conch of leaves, I pick up my cup of water and open it, drinking a little.
I walk to the house I'm making and pick up some water of the cup with my fingers, pouring it on top of the heating system, the water gets really hot.
The heated platform is warm and makes a good bed, I leave the cup of water closed and place it on my left side, I lay on the bed to test the warmth of it.

I get up and drink a little more of my cup of water, closing it again.
Then I start getting some mud and start building the wall.
I keep adding more mud and arranging it with my hands, adding more stones and more mud, repeating this process a lot of times.
Stopping this process, I make three tiles and add them to the top of the chimney on the back of the house, to protect it from rain.
Then I continue making the walls, adding mud, stone, then mud again.
I add a log on the upper side of the house, horizontally, to make the upper part of the door.
And then I continue to make the walls.

After some hours, I finish making the walls and make a timber door using logs and Loya cane.
I make the floor part of the door with mud.
Then the hut or house is completed, it has a warm bed inside, a door and an underground heating system.
Even after the fire is out, the bed stays completely warm.
I walk to the forest and pick up some tree resin, then I grab a stick and place the resin in it, bringing the stick in the fire to make a torch.
And then I make a small tile and place some resin in it, I light it and leave it on the side of the bed to light the house.
I get to the conch of leaves and pick up my basket, bringing it to the inside of the house.
Then I get my axe which was outside, close to the kiln I built, I leave the axe on the right of the basket, along with the stone knife and water cup.

I go out and see that it is afternoon.
Then I get inside the house and drink all of my cup of water, I get up and walk to the brook that has flowing water and fill the cup with water.
I walk to the kiln I made and close the cup, I grab some mud and put then on top of the kiln, to make a support for the cup.
Making fire in the kiln, I wait for the support to dry, then I place my closed cup of water on top of the kiln, waiting for the water to boil and be safe to drink.

The water boils, I remove the cup carefully with sticks, trying to not get burnt.
Then I place the cup of water on the left side of the bed, inside the house, I close the door and then I wait for the water to get cool.
My stomach growls, I open the basket of fruits and eat two bananas, then I lay on the bed to rest a little.
I feel proud of myself, those videos taught me a lot about nature and the arts of the forest, I feel proud of the house, basket, axe, and knife.
I wonder if I will find any animals or people on this island or other islands.
Lying on the bed with the door closed, the underground fire is on, the bed is warm, I start sleeping again, feeling proud of myself.