I wake up and stand up, it is morning, drink a little of the water that is on the cup, closing it again.
My belly growls, I open the basket and eat two bananas out of it, feeling better.
I think that my basket needs a lid, so I get my knife, open the door of the house, walk to some Loya cane saplings and cut some of them.

Then I start making a lid for the basket using the Loya cane fibers, I finish it, then go inside the house and place it on top of the basket.
Grabbing my axe, I get outside the house and look at the sun, it is high in the sky.

I walk to the conch of leaves and sit on it, looking at the ocean and feeling a good chill.
Looking at the clouds, I remember a game I played when I was at my old house, it was called Don't Starve.
It was about surviving in a weird land created by a man called Maxwell.
I loved to play that game, especially as Wilson, I think he is the main character.
And surviving like this, making these nature things, makes me think about that game.
Even if I am not in a land like that one of Don't Starve, I think the things I saw in that game helped me survive a little here too.
I get happy, but a little sad that I can not play that game anymore, because I do not have a computer.

I get up, walk to the house and drink a little of the cup of water, then eat one banana.
Then I check if my knife is in my pocket, it is, and I am holding my trusty axe.

Entering the house, I leave my axe and my knife on the right side of the basket.
Then I take off my shorts, my underwear and walk to the ocean.

Starting to swim, I feel the chill water touching my body, relaxing and swimming a little, I dive into the water and swim more and more.
Some heavy waves hit me, pushing me to the direction of the island.
I swim more and see some fishes inside the water, and some corals, the water is crystal clear, I can see right through it.
While feeling the water touch my body, cooling me, I feel happy and good.
Then I dive a little deeper and get back to the surface to catch some air, then I dive again.

After a while, I climb to the surface and look at the island, I can see it well now because I am far away, I can see all the trees, then I start swimming back there.
I get there and walk on the sand, feeling my body wet and dripping with water.
Walking to my house, I put on my underwear and my shorts again.

I take my axe and start cutting down some trees.
Then I take a branch that I cut off and I make a tip on it.
I cut a sprout to make a spear and make a hole in it.
I tie the sprout hole to prevent the wood from breaking.

Then I walk to a place near the house with the branch, the sprout with a hole and some dry leaves dented to use as fuel for the fire.
I leave both on the ground and start to make a fire with a sprout with a hole and another sprout, spinning against each other.
After the smoke appears, I start to blow it gently, making more smoke appear.
After a while blowing, I notice that a fire starts to appear on the dry leaves, I put them in a hole and leave a branch with dry leaves on top of it, continuing to blow.
Then I take the dry leaves out of there after the branch starts to catch fire.

I take a large stone and leave it next to the fire, then I take the sprout that will be used to make a spear and leave it inside the fire.
After that, I take the sprout from the fire and rub it on the stone to sharpen it.
Then I take a piece of wood and rub the spear to polish it.
I put the spear on the end of the branch to make a spear thrower.
Walking over to the house, I leave the spear and the thrower standing on the left side of the basket.

I think I got a weapon and I am happy.
Coming out of the house, I look up at the sky and see that it is afternoon.
I go to the house and drink the whole cup of water.
Taking it, I walk to a stream with running water and get some water.

After that, I light the fire in the oven outside the house and leave the cup full of water covered on top of it.
I wait for it to boil and then I remove the cup with two sticks.
After a while, the cup has cooled down, I pick it up and take it to the house, leaving it beside the bed.
I take my axe and leave it beside the basket.
Lying down on the bed to get some sleep, I take a deep breath.
I think of Don't Starve again, and I see that I do not need light to spend the night like at the game because there is no monster of the night to catch me.
I set myself up and sleep, having some dreams related to the island, deserts, the ocean and a boy living on an island that I wanted to meet in the dream.