There was a girl that had pink hair and pink eyes, her name was Pinky.
She walks in an empty void, in a white empty and infinite space, you can walk forever in that space and you will not find an end.
That void is like the world, empty, cold, lonely, sad.
This girl does not have hunger, thirst, sleepiness, or any other survival needs.
She walks forever and does not know where she came from, from what she was born, what was her purpose, why she is there.
Her legs never feel tired or hurt after walking, she can walk infinitely and will never get tired.

...

After walking for some months, she finds a transparent crystal on the ground, it is the first physical thing that she finds in that void.
Because there is nothing there, just her, and air or space.
She grabs that crystal with her hands and looks inside it, there is nothing inside it.
Then the girl touched the crystal with her finger, a blue light appeared on it, then she heard a voice coming from the crystal, it was a male voice.
This male voice could see her, and she could see him by looking inside the crystal.
"Hello... is someone there?" asked the voice.
"Yes, I am here..." said the girl.
"Oh God... is this real?... have I found someone in this empty place, this empty world?" asked the voice, unbelieving that he had found someone there.
"Yes, I found you here... I always walked around this empty void, I didn't found anything or anyone... and then I found this crystal here..." said the girl.
"Really?... I never found something here too... I just woke up one day inside this crystal, I am stuck here, I can't do anything... I can't get out of it..." said the voice.
"Me too... I don't know why I am here, what is my purpose, or how I got here... I think you're virtual right?" asked the girl.
"Hm... Why do you think that?" asked the voice.
"Because we can't touch, feel or be close to virtual things... like phone and computer screens, they're virtual, you can't touch or feel them, only see and hear them..." said the girl.
"Oh, that's right... I am sad to be a virtual thing then... and you're a virtual thing to me too... and even tho, I still feel something for you.
I still feel happy because you found me, and I'm happy that I can count on you, that you are something that found me... so... thanks, girl," said the voice.
"No problem... I'm happy that I found you too, that I found something in this world to care about, and to think about, other than my problems, questions about why I am here..." said the girl.
"So... can you help me get out of here?" asked the voice.
"Maybe, but I don't know... maybe you can get out of there at your will, maybe we'll discover this later... but till then, can I stay with you? Or talk with you?" asked the girl.
"Of course... the void is always better with someone to talk to, having your own thoughts on your head is great, but sharing them with others is better..." said the voice.
"Thanks, hehe, I agree, I'm glad to have some company in this lonely place... also... my name is Pinky," said the girl, smiling while looking at the crystal.
"Oh, okay... I'll be your company then, Pinky, my name is Ethan," said the voice.
"Nice to meet you, Ethan," said the girl, smiling at the crystal, then she got up and started walking in the void.
"Nice to meet you too, Pinky," said Ethan, smiling.
She started to walk in the void, trying to find something else.
Now that she found Ethan, she was hopeful that she would find other things, the world had color to her now, with that person being with her.
Ethan had hope too, now that she found him, he had hope that he would find other things in life, other things that make him happy.
He knew that he could get out of that crystal, out of there, because he was with someone that he trusted in, someone that was strong.
He knew that Pinky could protect him, he cared for her, and she cared for him, they were the only thing that mattered to each other.

(Author's comments about the story:
So... this metaphor is about... the world that we live being the void... it is lonely and empty.
And we walk around it and find nothing... nothing of interest or sentimental.
And then we find friends, those are rare, as the crystal... some friends are virtual, and you can not touch them or feel their embrace.
But even if they are virtual, they still love you and you still love them... I love my virtual friends.
The friends we make help us look at this empty void that is Earth and helps us see colors in it, not just white void.
It is always good to think about stuff in your head, but it is better to share your thoughts.

And maybe you found this too... you were walking on an empty void, nothing, just empty, you were sad and lonely.
And someone found you, or you found someone, someone to care about in this world, someone to protect, someone that makes you happy.
You can count on that someone, someone you can talk to.

Maybe you are like Pinky and you do not know why you are here, where you came from, or what is your purpose.
And then you found someone, someone to be your purpose, to be what you live for, and someone for you to protect.
To protect their crystal so it does not break.
You found someone that was sad and lonely just like you, and you want to protect and help that person.
That person became your purpose to live, if this is the case, then protect that person, love that person, make that person happy, say you love them.

Or maybe you are like Ethan, you are stuck somewhere and you can not get out, your purpose is to get out of there.
Maybe you are stuck at your house, stuck in your own head, stuck to your feelings and you can not get them out of you.
Something that makes you feel locked, stuck, imprisoned, you have no hope in the world or in you, you do not believe that you can get out of there.
And then you find someone, someone that promises they will help you, someone that cares about you.
Someone that will help you get out of there, your hope is that person, and you love that person, that person loves you.
Maybe that "being stuck" thing is depression, an abusive house, your feelings, your head, maybe you want to get out of your country.
Whatever it is, there is someone that will help you in this world, they will find you and help you, I promise.

If you are Ethan or Pinky, that does not matter, what matters is what you care about.
If you are Pinky, then you have someone to protect, to help, to care about, and make that person happy.
You have someone that is virtual and you want to feel them and hug them, you want to hear their voice.
So protect that person, say that you love that person, that you care about them, hug them virtually or in person if you can, send audios to them if you can.
Because that person loves you, and you love that person, maybe that person is your soul mate and you two are mean to be together forever ^^.

Or you are Ethan, you have a person that protects you, that makes you happy, and helps you with your problems.
That person is your hope, your hope in the world, you want that person to be just as happy as that person makes you feel.
That person wants to protect you, they love you, and you love them, you want to feel and hug them.
You want to be protected by them, you were stuck somewhere and that person got you out of there.
So... like Pinky, hug that person virtually, hug them in person if you can, say you love them, that you care about them, send audios if you can.

I am an Ethan to some people, and a Pinky to other people, and I love to be both of them.
I love you, my virtual friends, you're everything that I have, you made me see colors in the world.
You made me like the void, the world, because I found you, because the world has you in it.
You make my company in this empty, sad, and lonely void that is Earth.
You make me feel happy and loved, that someone in the world cares about me, you got me out of this crystal and hugged me...
You're a Pinky to me, and I am an Ethan for you... so, thanks, virtual friends, thanks for being my Pinky, thanks for getting me out of my crystal.
Try to get people out of their crystals, where they are stuck, or... try to find someone to get you out of your crystal.

The crystal in the book cover of this story represents the virtual things, it represents my friends.
They're virtual, and I can not touch, feel, or hug them.
The crystal being white represents the fact that they are virtual, and that does not have emotion or feelings.
The smokes in purple, blue, and pink represent the emotions and feelings I have for my friends, they are close to the crystal.
Crystals represent my friends, the word "Virtual" too.
The smoke being blurred represents me not knowing how I feel about my friends, the smokes being clear represented me knowing how I feel about them.
And how I feel about then is this story of mine, it shows me that my friends are Pinkys and Ethans, and I am the Pinky and the Ethan of them.

So... thanks for reading this short story, even if the "vent" or author's comment part is a little bit big, hehe.
Tell me in the comments, are you a Pinky or an Ethan? Are you trying to find an Ethan? Or trying to find a Pinky?
Have you got out of your crystal?
Maybe you can find someone to be your Ethan or your Pinky in this comment section.
Thank you all for reading, I love you, my virtual friends.)