A Perfect World:
A world where there is no hunger, no thirstiness, no sleepiness, no blood, no pain, where everyone is happy, that's a world where I would live in, a world where I would be happy.
A world where I can do anything, where I live inside a spaceship, with a fridge that generates infinite food, or better, a spaceship where I can deactivate my hunger.
A world where I can't hear dogs barking because that irritates me, that makes me angry and my head hurt, I don't like to hear people talking, maybe because I haven't had enough sleep.
A world, a perfect world that I dream off, where I can do everything I want and can have everything I want, everything that I think I need to live happily, a computer with access to the internet, where I can watch stuff, write stuff, play stuff, talk to people, listen to stuff, that's all I like, the computer, the internet is my main home, I, Izaque Sanvezzo, would love to live a life like that.
A world, a perfect world for me, not for others, with computer and internet, no hunger, thirstiness or sleepiness, just me, and a computer, I can be the computer too, that would be weird and awesome at the same time.
Another, different world, but the worlds I want to create talk only about what I want, and what I want?, I'm still not sure about that... I want a computer to access to the internet, because I don't like my life without it, the computer + internet is a key and a portal to a sandbox life, where you can do everything, without feeling it in your skin, you can hear, see, interact with keyboard and mouse, but you can't touch or feel, or be there, but that's not important to me, of course, I would love to travel to the internet, to this world of infinite possibilities, I don't want to have this body, this... this... I don't even want to talk about...
That's why I would like to write about this perfect world, but I don't know if other people would like to read that, the current Earth makes me think of the color green, nature, trees, leaves.
This perfect world in my head makes me think of the color blue, holograms, fake life, perfect, technology, sandbox, multi-verse, playing god.
And that's what I feel, I have a question for you, reader, do you agree with me?, do you have a mindset or an opinion like mine?, would you read a story about this perfect world if I made one? answer me here on the website or to me on one of my social media accounts, Discord, Twitter: @The_Snakes90, thank you for reading my... vent, I guess, thank you for reading this bad story, it is bad because it reminds me of bad times (today) that will never go away, thanks for reading, hope you have a great day!, or if you're gonna sleep now, goodnight, good sleep, good rest, I love you! <3