The "shouldn't care" philosophy is a philosophy that talks about not caring at all.
I watched a video that explains the philosophy of the cartoon Rick and Morty.
It says that the cartoon shows us that we are meaningless and the universe doesn't care about us.
So if our life is meaningless and we don't exist on purpose, why should I care?

Why should I care about things? why should I care about what people think?
Why I should give my best effort to write my stories? to make my websites? to make scripts in Python? to play? to talk to people?
I see my parents and a lot of other people do things in the present, like "Just fuck it, I'll do what I have to do NOW".
They just live in the present, they don't think about the future, I'm saying that thinking about the future is the right thing to do?
No, I'm saying that they live on automatic mode, they do things that appear in front of them, they don't ask, they don't doubt.
And I'm saying that doubting is the right thing? no, I'm saying that it is a good thing to do, doubting, doubting your reality.
Doubting your thoughts, doubting your beliefs, concepts, and opinion, like, there's no meaning in life, so why should we doubt?
Me telling you to doubt everything makes it looks like reality is just a simulation, that it is not real, but what is real?
What do we know, as individual humans?
Everything we do is meaningless, you work, it's meaningless, you eat, it's meaningless, you speak, think, dream, create, destroy.
That's all meaningless, so why should I care? why should we all care about this? about everything, our lives, our house, car, city, planet, galaxy, universe.
Why should we all care about anything?

Well... I fear the consequences of not caring for our physical body specifically.
So if you don't care about bathing, you're gonna have a disease, bacteria, virus, or whatever else.
If you don't care about eating, you will die of hungriness, same for drinking water.
And... uh... sleep? dying of sleep deprivation? It probably already happened to someone.

So, I fear the consequences that I would have if I didn't care about my body (I don't care about it a lot, you know)
What about other things?
It's just "fuck all of it" for me, I don't care anymore, so my only "purpose" (I don't consider it a purpose, just an obligation) is to take care of my body.
To take "care" of something I don't care about, do you understand?
The thing is, I don't even care, why should I be writing this?
Because I care about writing?
Because I care about telling things to you?
Because I like to show my thoughts, opinions, and concepts?

Probably some of them, or else I wouldn't be writing this, right?
But why I am writing this if I don't care about anything?
This is a paradox, and if you don't care at all, you would just stop.
You would stop doing anything, just breathing, with your heart beating, and just laid on the floor, sleep some times, not sleeping, I don't know.
Like, you could live like that if you wanted, and... maybe that's the only thing you had if you didn't care about anything at all.
And people that would have said "wake up, you're being crazy, live, you should live", you know, the things that the people who care about you say.
Why I'm still writing this? I don't know, maybe because I want to express the feeling that I have of not caring at all.

So, if those consequences of the physical body didn't exist, I could live while doing nothing, I could live without caring about anything.
If I had only a mind and not a body, and people could see me, like a soul or something, I would like that?
I would like to spend my entire "life" (since a mind cannot die) just thinking? would that be interesting for me?
I think I would need a body connected to my mind for me to feel good and happy, because like, you can think about something,
Like a story, a website, a song, a video that you wanna do, and you can do that because you have a body.
You can do that because you have the power to create things, to get an idea of your mind, and make it real.
But if you made something real, like writing a story that was in your head, would you be fulfilled?

That's not the point of this thing, the point is, you think about something, and you can make it real.
If I didn't have a body, I wouldn't be able to do that, I would be able to just think about that.
And why should I care about making my thoughts real? I could just live happily with only a mind.
So this is a mind without body thing, I don't care to have a body, I love my mind, and I love to have a mind.
Thinking is the best thing ever "invented" for me, I love to think, simply love to do that, if I could, I would spend my entire life thinking.
But don't we do that already? thinking about stuff, but we don't think consciously, we think subconsciously.
We don't think about eating, drinking, using the bathroom, sleeping, walking, driving, in no one of those.
So what we think about? we think about our choices, our plans, our feelings, and emotions.
Those things that sound so... meaningless, so empty, so vague, plans, choices, feelings, can we touch that?
Can we grab that? no, so why should we care about them?

I'm losing my focus here, let's go back to the previous topic, but first, let me say something.
Some lines ago (xD), I said that we shouldn't care about the human body, it is useless, I don't care about it, we just feed organic things into it and it processes them and gets rid of them, it pumps fluids inside itself, there's no meaning in that.
And also some lines ago, I said that we shouldn't care about our minds, our plans, choices, and feelings, they're so meaningless.
We can't touch or grab them, they're only imaginary, so... Did I come to the point of not caring at all right?
Because there are only two things for a human, its body, and its mind, if you don't care about either of those, then you just don't care about anything at all.
Because, for a human, its body and mind is everything for them, humans fight to survive both physically and mentally.

While I'm writing this, I'm listening to an instrumental piano mix on YouTube, it is so emotional.
It makes me think about all my stories, the things that I created, it makes me care about stuff, it makes me feel emotions.
I'm only hearing it because my mom is in her room, playing a video on her phone, it is so loud that distracts me.
My dad is also playing loud videos on his phone, he is on the kitchen that is on the side of the livingroom.
My dogs are barking on my backyard, or front yard, those things are all distracting me, so I have to play this music mix loud on my earphones.
The songs do not distract me as my parents and dogs do I'm writing pretty well right now.
But the songs interfere with my emotions, they make me care about stuff, they make me... think more... consciously I guess?
Right now is 21:37 19/06/2020.
The piano songs are controlling my emotions, they're making me feel happy, I don't want that, I want to be true with myself.
I want to feel what I'm feeling, not have my emotions be affected and influenced by a song.
Okay, I'll stop that song now, 21:41 19/06/2020.

I put to play a sad song now, those happy piano songs are about caring about stuff, I want to play a sad song, about not caring at all.
"But sad songs could also be about caring", you maybe have thought, yeah, they could be about that too, everything is subjective.
And also, that's why those things are meaningless, you know, "sad" songs, "happy" songs, it is just a song, we give it meaning, it doesn't have any meaning at first.
It's just a bunch of sounds being arranged together to pleasure our ears, just sounds.

I'm gonna say the things I don't like, the things that I don't want to do anymore, the things I don't like doing.
And again... "sad" music is making me sad and vent with you.
I'm tired of being so organized, so caring, so dedicated, so hardworking.
That is hard, that makes me want to give up, cause it is so hard, everything is hard, everything needs effort to be made.
So, I don't like being organized, I don't like to have this mentality of organizing things.
I don't like having the power of being able to create art, to write, draw, make videos, make anything.
I don't like to have the power to create things, to think about stuff, to create something new, to get a thought out of my mind, and make it real.
Listen to this mix if you want to follow my feelings:
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9-qLNwwkmE">2 Hours of Sad Instrumental Music | Piano, Cello, Violin</a>

I guess I don't have any meaning in life, no one has, and I... don't care about anything... so why do I do stuff?
I don't know, I don't know... I change based on my emotions, I change based on what I'm feeling and seeing.
I wanted to be a creature that is based only on me, and not let the outside change me, but I wouldn't have feelings.
Because I only feel emotions based on the outside, I love my dad and mom... they are outside of my being.
I love my dogs, they're also outside, my computer, my stories, my websites, my videos, games, everything.
They're all outside, I wanted to be... unique, to be special, I wanted to not rely on the outside world.
I wanted to live by myself, to not be changed but outside things, I wanted to be one with my self.
I'm crying right now while writing this... I don't know what I'm feeling... I'm just sick of the outside world...
I'm not gonna kill myself, don't worry, I don't care about that, I don't care about anything.
So why I'm sad, why I'm crying, if I don't care about anything, it's very hard to live, it's very hard to exist.

I don't care about anything, so why should I write this? why I am caring about not being changed by the outside world.
Why I'm trying to be only me, without nothing from outside affecting me, maybe because I care about myself.
I don't know, I'm trying to write this "story" in English while I read it in Brazilian Portuguese, it is being very hard.
Why I'm telling this to you, why I'm caring about all this, I don't know.
I'm just sad, listening to the song sad, I think that it is sad because it reminds me of sad things.
I just don't know, why should we care about things that are so meaningless, why should we care about things that don't even exist.
Like our bodies, we just eat, drink, and sleep, our body is useless, it doesn't mean anything to us.
Why should we do the things that we do, if life doesn't have a purpose, I don't know, I don't know how to answer those questions.
I just don't care about anything anymore, why I am writing this if I don't care about anything.
I'll stop writing right now because I'm already tired of this.
I'll just translate this to Brazilian Portuguese and create a website for this thing here that I don't even know what it is.
So, bye, see you soon, I don't know, I just don't know, what should I do?
When I started writing this, I thought that the Philosophy of "I shouldn't care" was a good thing, but now I'm thinking that it is a sad thing.
I don't know, bye.

22:16 19/06/2020:
I was thinking here, and crying... being sad, and I decided to write some more.
This feeling of "I don't care" began with me feeling proud and happy about not caring at all.
And now it is me having an existential crisis and crying because I'm sad that I don't care about things and I'm sad that life has no meaning.
Is that the fate of everyone who notices that life has no meaning? is that something that happened only to me?
I don't know, but probably that song, that fucking song made me cry, it made me sad.
Just because I'm a human and I'm vulnerable, I'm malleable to the things outside, to the outside of the universe that is myself.
I hate that, I hate to have feelings, I hate this sad song that I put to play, let me just turn this shit off real quick.
Done, I hate feeling emotions, I hate being human, I hate having a body, a mind, I hate existence.
Just like one of the Meeseeks on the Rick and Morty cartoon, existence is pain.
If you wanna follow my feelings, listen to the same song as me: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-0fXSNpkTk">Crying Alone - Sad & Emotional Piano Song Instrumental One Hour</a>
And you maybe will care about me, because you're my friend or part of my family, or maybe because you're just human and have emotions.
But I don't care about anything, like, I'll probably like and be happy if you care about me, if you give me a virtual hug after reading this.
If you say you like me, you love me, this piece of text, this piece of characters and bytes that traveled through the Internet just to reach your computer, laptop, phone, and screen, maybe it made you feel something, I don't know.
If you do some of those things, I'll be happy, but I don't care, so why should I care?
The thing is, I like to not care, and I like to care too, and I'm caring about you right now, I know I said that I didn't care about anything.
But I care about you because you cared for me, you received my message or saw my post on some social media, you clicked on it.
You're a very good person, you're reading this right now, you're reading till here, you're reading something I wrote.
I just wanted to hug you, thank you for reading till here, I would love if you gave me a virtual hug xD.
I care about you, and I love you, thanks for reading, thanks for paying attention to me, thanks for that.
I'm happier because you read this, and if you say caring words for me if you message me if you tell me that you love me.
If you give me a virtual hug, a smile, if you talk to me, I'll be very happy, and be very thankful.
So thank you for that, thanks for reading, we came through a long journey of thoughts here right? :3
I created this text file in 20:49 19/06/2020, and right now is 22:34 19/06/2020.

I'm Izaque, stake2, Funkysnipa Cat, and a lot of other names that I use on the Internet.
I'm writing this because I care and because I don't care at the same time.
I love to think, write, draw, edit videos, make music, to program in Python, make websites, play games, listen to Dubstep.
Thank you for reading.
Yours truly, Izaque.