Type: Poetry
Title: The Human Mind
Author: Izaque Sanvezzo (stake2)
Reading time: 2 minutes and 23 seconds
Words: 613

While the shadows remain.
I grab my pen and start to write.
Everything that's inside.
Everything that I feel, is inside a piece of paper.
Every shadow, every word, every thought, every feeling, is inside this little piece of paper.
Written here like a book, a shadow of me, a copy of me, a transmission of my feelings.
I feel the cold wind touch my skin gently, as I look at the mountains, wondering what's there.
What stories could be written about those places? those tiny places where a lot of things happen.
I see a tall man, far away in the mountains, he's looking to some houses far away.
I wonder what he found of so interesting in those houses, what are his thoughts, what he's thinking.
I wanna know because I have curiosity, I am human, the wind, nature, the trees, everything that has been created by... something.
It generates curiosity in humans because we have the unknown, we do not know things, that's why we have curiosity.
We have this strange and weird desire to know and learn new things, to learn how something works.
And our human minds are special, that's why I'm here, sitting at my chair inside my wooden house.
With cold weather and wind out there, it's a Sunday, everyone is inside their houses drinking coffee, tea, or some other warm beverage.
And I'm here, looking at a man who's looking at some houses, this normal and banal thing that is happening right now.
How can I have such deep feelings and thoughts about a thing that's so simple?
That is the power of the human mind, to think a lot about simple things.
To think about some warm beverage and cold weather and relate that to reading a book inside your house while being warm close to a fire or something.
To relate Christmas to cold weather or Santa or snow or presents, that is the true power of the human mind.
And that's why I'm here writing this poetry, it's because I can think, and I can write what I'm thinking, that's awesome!
That's why I love to write, writing is an art, it's a way to register what you're thinking, feeling, and so on, to think about stuff...
Okay, I think that, as a writer, even if I write a lot of things every day.
It happens that I'm losing my line of thought here and I don't know what to write anymore, so I'll finish this poetry right here, and right now.
I finish writing my poetry and close my notebook, I get up, take a sip of my hot chocolate and eat some of the salt crackers.
Then I open my window and look outside, the cold wind blows on my face, with my thick clothes, the cold wind does not have so much effect on me.
I look at the sunset, slowly starting the night, slowly making all humans go inside their houses to sleep and do other things.
Ah, human nature, it is so good to observe it, to observe how humans work and do stuff, how they act under certain circumstances.
I love to observe and analyze humans, it is a common habit for me, and to think about nature too, how nature controls us every day.

I am Izaque Sanvezzo, thanks for reading, this was the first poetry that I wrote, thanks again.
Send me a message on Discord, Twitter, or SuperAnimes if you are talking with me there, see you soon. :3
This poetry in Pastebin: https://pastebin.com/543zmYcL