Old version from 2016, is very bad because it is my old way of writing, please don't read this thing '-'.

This is the story of a boy... who liked a cartoon a lot... where there was six ponies... a purple one, a pink one, a white one, a blue one with rainbow hair, one orange, and one yellow... he liked them and the cartoon a lot... he felt like he could visit them... and he felt a big affinity with them... like he was a lot like them... mainly with the purple one... he watched the cartoon everyday... and he had the episodes downloaded in his computer... he really liked the cartoon and the ponies... and the purple pony was like a princess and even if she was a princess she did not thought she was better than the other ponies and he loved that in her... because he was also "above" some people and yet he did not think he was better than the others... until... one day... he hear a voice calling him... and he perceives that it is the voice of the voice actor of the purple pony... he thinks that is weird... because he already imagined stories about the cartoon and in those stories he thought about the voices of the voice actors... but not in real life... this voice tells him that... that she wants to guide him in life... so that in the end of his life he can visit them... he gets very happy with what he hears... he looks at the clock of his computer and sees that is almost time to eat dinner... his mother calls him to dinner saying "The food is ready"... the voice of the purple pony says to him "Say thank you after you finish ok?" and he replies "Yes"... he finishes eating and says "Thank you for the food mom" his mother says "You're welcome"... after some minutes after eating he goes to take a bath... finishes the bath and says to his mother that he is going to sleep... and still awake he hears the voice of the purple pony... "You did very good today... you seem to be cool... I can't wait to see you" and he says "Me too" and after that she says "I read in a book that there is in the world I live in and it was written in the book that one day here is equal to one year in your world... that is for me it won't take too long for you to come here but for you it will" and he sighs in a sad way and she says "but don't worry... I know your visit will be very good" and he becomes happier... and she says "now it's time to sleep..." and he closes his eyes to sleep... and haves a dream where he is playing with his pony friends in the city that they live in... and after that he wakes up at morning a little tired... and the purple pony says "time to wake up sleepyhead=..." and he says ok... he gets up and go brush his teeth... and finished and gets ready to go to school at seven at the morning... he looks at the clock of his house to see which hour is it... and it is six at the morning... and he goes to the kitchen to prepare his breakfast... makes a toast with butter and chocolate milk... and when he finishes making the two items he gets the milk and puts on the table... his mother comes on the house hallway with a messy hair and asks what he is doing and he says that he is getting ready to go to the school and she says that he woke up too early and he says he likes to wake up early... and she gets happy that he woke up so early to go to school... and the voice of the purple pony says "wow you're really excited to go to school right" and he smiles... he gets his bike and go to school with it as always... and he gets at school and locks the tire of his bike with a chain and a padlock and gets inside school... and goes to the first class and the voice of the purple pony tries to help him in his classses... and after that the recess arrives and he brought a lunch that he made in his house to the school... and the purple pony tells him to share with his friends and he says "I always share with them" and the purple pony smiles... he share his lunch with his two friends that did not brought lunch... and the purple pony gets happy... and the recess ends and he goes back to the classroom... and watch the remaining classes... and after that he gets his bike and comes back home... he store his bike and comes inside the house and says he arrived... his mother tells him to change clothes and come to eat... he change his clothes and stays sat at the bed and his mother tells him to go eat and he says he is coming... and the purple pony's voice says she can not wait for him to come and he says me too... and he goes to eat... he finishes eating and says thank you for the food mom and his mother smiles... and he says that he is going to the computer... and goes to his room and turns on the computer and opens the folder where there are the episodes of the cartoon he loves so much... he watches some episodes... and he clicks on another episode and the voice of the purple pony tells him that she can see what he is doing and he gets a little scared but goes back to normal after that... and she says that it is cool the drawing that he watches and he says that it is like a recording of all the things the ponies do and she says that that is cool and he asks why and she replies "it's that this brings me good memories, it's cool to see what we do... like a journal" and he smiles... and this way this boy lives... he is always trying to get better... and in the end visit his favorite cartoon... a lot of years passes and he... today at his twenty years... still keeps contact with the purple pony... and now he also talks with the other ponies... he works and has his own house... and he is very happy... even though he is not in the pony world... he has a wife that helps him a lot... and that also likes the cartoon... and he still watches the cartoon that is in its seventh season along with his wife... and she also believes that this world exists and they made a promise for the ponies and for themselves that when he and she are gone... they are going to visit this world... and his wife also talks with the ponies... and the purple pony says for both of them that she wants to see them a lot... the pink pony says for both of them that she is going to do a party when they arrive... and the purple pony repeats what she has said years ago: "As I already said a day in my world is like a year in your world so you will arrive soon right?" and they say "Yes"... and so one more day goes by... and two years passes... now the man with his twenty-two years old and his wife with twenty-one years old... they think about visiting the world of the ponies everyday... and always working... they get back home and eat the dinner... then they go to sleep... and still awake both of them hear the purple pony saying "You guys got a lot better since we started talking with you" and he says "You talked to my wife at the same time as me?" and the purple pony says "No... I talked with you and while I was in silence I was talking with her and with other people" and he says "So you should have had a lot of work right" and the purple pony says "Aw, that's nothing" and they sleep... and they keep getting better and living like this... twenty years passes and him with his forty-two years old and her with forty-one years old... a little old... still works a lot and now with a little boy... they always watch the cartoon with their son... and their son is ten years old... and they are very happy together... the purple pony says "Your child is so cute" and the yellow pony says "I-I think so too"... more twenty years passes... and him with sixty-two and her with sixty-one... still watches the cartoon with their child... and he lives next door to his parents... and he always goes to the house of his parents to watch the cartoon along with them... and he tells his parents that since his ten years old the ponies talk with him... and ten years after... his parents die... and he gets very sad... he leaves flowers in the grave of his father and his mother and gets back home... coming home he turns on the computer and watch the downloaded episodes of the cartoon... watches the entire first season and cries while watching because he remembers when he watched with his parents... and the purple pony tells him "Don't be sad... your parents told me that they are waiting you here" and he gets happy again... ten years passes by and he with forty years old still watches and always happy imagining visit the world of the cartoon... and some years gets by and he dies from oldness... and after dying he finds himself in a vacumm... and after that a really bright light appears in the front of him... and then he perceives that he is in the world of the cartoon and notices some creatures in his front... the purple pony, the pink, the white, the blue with a rainbow hair, the orange and the yellow and at the side of them there are his parents... he gets so happy that he cries... and everyone hugs themselves crying of happiness... and the man says to her wife "I promised that we were going to meet here" and she and the son smiles... and together the nine friends always having fun together... and the man says "I hope more humans come here" and the purple pony says "Me too"... and the human trio go to a walk on the city of the cartoon to meet their favorite characters... and this way they live... conquered the dream of living with their favorite ponies.