(This is the explanation of a... let me create a cool name for that... a "SpaceLivingTeleportExperience")
It was a beautiful day in the SpaceLiving world, even if there's no sun close to the spaceships.
Lisa, Izaque, Wendy, John, Ted and Monika were all inside their spaceships, living happy and using the computer.
Lisa was drawing a little while watching an anime called "Eromanga Sensei", she felt inspired by that, because it had an girl that drew too.
She was happy drawing while watching her favorite anime, it was funny, cute, happy, she loved it.
The anime tell the story of a little sister that draw erotic drawings, and an older brother that write stories and light novels.
Lisa loved to watch that anime, she was re watching it for the twenty-third time.
She had it download in HD on her computer, just to watch again and again.
The anime reminded her of her older brother, she loved him very much.
But then she got depressed, sad and just wanted to stay in her room, he was sad about that.
She was hungry all day, but didn't had the motivation to eat.
She just stayed on her room, the lights were dimmed out, she was doing things at her computer.
Then she reached a point in her life that she was weak and skinny, she realized that her life was bad.
Lisa wanted to get out of there, she was afraid, she wanted to go to school just to make her parents happy.
Her family was sad about her, she wanted to get out of there, when she slept, was 05:12 in the morning.
She was sleeping in her bed, she had a dream, a dream where she got teleported to a spaceship that had white walls.
A Computer, PS4, a Fridge that creates any food you think about, a bed, a wardrobe, a smartphone on the table.
She thought that was incredible and awesome, to have all the things you need to use the computer.
To have food and water when you want, and to have a super-good computer.
She wanted to stay there forever, her eyes were shining bright.
Everything was new to her, she got closer to the table and turned the computer on by pressing the button on the computer cabinet.
It loaded Windows 10, it was as if she had formatted the computer, she typed the name of the user.
A password, and then the Windows 10 home screen appeared, it had Mozilla Firefox, Spotify, Windows Explorer and the SpaceLiving Desktop App installed.
She opened Firefox, the home page was DuckDuckGo, the favorites of the browser were: DuckDuckGo, YouTube, Facebook, SoundCloud, SuperAnimes, Wattpad, MyAnimeList.
She opened YouTube and logged in her account.
Then Lisa opened DuckDuckGo and download Youtube-DLG, it was an app that she used in her personal computer.
The computer also had Steam installed, Lisa logged in her Steam account.
She opened Windows Explorer, she saw that the computer had 5 SSDs, each one with 10TB of space.
Her eyes shined bright seeing that, because she only had 500GB of HD in her computer.
She switched to Steam and told her to download all the games she had.
Then Lisa opened the Mega website, she logged into her account and downloaded the app, she installed it and put it to download all of her 2TB of files.
She was loving that, setting up and organizing her new space of work.
After letting Steam and Mega do their jobs, Lisa was a little hungry, she got closer to the fridge, and a screen that was attached to it lighted up.
It showed a lot of text, like if it was a tutorial on how to use the fridge, Lisa thought it was pretty intuitive.
She learned how to use the fridge, she thought about pizza, then opened the fridge, and a slice of pizza was there.
Lisa thought it was amazing, she closed the fridge, thought about a coca-cola and opened the fridge.
A can of coca cola was there, she grabbed it and closed the fridge.
She came back to the computer table and laid the pizza and can in the top of the table.
Lisa started organizing her Mega files, she liked to make websites, she had a website were she made a history of what she watched.
She downloaded some anime on a website called SuperAnimes, Lisa had downloaded the first episode of the anime "Eromanga Sensei".
Lisa thought it was interesting, and wanted to give it a try.
She started watching it while eating the pizza and drinking the coca cola, she loved doing that.
Lisa added the episode to her watch history and to her AniCartoMovie.txt file, she cleaned her hands and her mouth.
Then she realized she forgot something, "Discord!, I forgot it", she thought, Lisa downloaded Discord and logged in her account.
She was so happy to download it again, and use it again, she thought that was a dream.
Lisa knew that Google+ was going to die soon, she was sad about that, but she was happy about starting that new but not so new life of hers.
She had a special friend on Google+, that friend was called Funkysnipa Cat or Izaque in real life.
She loved to talk with that friend, she opened Hangouts and asked for his Discord name and id.
Izaque gave it to her, she added him on Discord and they started talking, Lisa wanted to know him more.
They talked a lot, and knew a lot more about each other, Lisa was happy talking with Izaque.
Lisa wanted to express herself better, and write something, she wanted to write words in her computer.
Then she talked with Izaque about that, Izaque suggested for Lisa to start writing stories.
She liked the idea, Izaque said for Lisa to download Notepad++, he said that its a good program for writing.
Lisa downloaded the program and started her first draft of a story, she wrote for some minutes.
She liked the result, then saved the file and sent it to her Mega cloud.
Izaque said for her to post her story on Wattpad, because it was a good platform for writers.
Lisa created an account there and posted her story, the name of the story was "The Odds of Nature".
After waiting some time Lisa reloaded the page and there were 10 views in it, and a comment.
The author of the comment was "stake2", Lisa switched to Discord and asked if Izaque had a Wattpad account.
Izaque said yes, Lisa came back to Firefox to read the comment, stake2 was complimenting the story of Lisa, she was happy about that.
She liked the comment and replied thanking stake2, she was really happy about that comment.
Then Lisa switched to Discord and asked for the link of the account of Izaque on Wattpad.
Izaque sent the link to Lisa, surprisingly was stake2, Lisa was really happy about that.
She switched to Discord to thank Izaque for that, Lisa said she loved to write the first chapter.
Izaque said: "I started like that, well, I wrote Ilha Deserta, I wasn't really happy about that story, it was my first story."
Then Izaque said: "I made Ilha Deserta in 2016, when I was reading a really cool futuristic story, I was happy about the feeling that writing gave me,
then I never stopped till today."
Lisa said: "Oh, I'm happy to know that, I love to write, I will read your story called "Life of Littletato", I liked to know how your started writing,
thanks for teaching me a lot about writing."
Then Izaque said: "I don't know much, but thanks for listening, learning and saying that my knowledge was helpful :), hehe, I like you a lot Lisa :3."
Lisa said: "I like you a lot too Izaque, hehe :3."
Then Steam finished downloading all the games of Lisa, she wanted to play one, she opened Grand Theft Auto 5 to play a little.
She had some mods installed, she loved to play that game, to drive cars and stuff.
Lisa played a little and stopped, she closed the game, she was hungry again, she got up and thought about a hamburger and a coca cola.
She opened the fridge and there was, a hamburger in a plate and a can of coca cola. 
Lisa downloaded an episode of the sixth season of the series "The Walking Dead", she waited for it to be downloaded and opened it in VLC Media Player.
She thought was weird to eat while watching that series, but she couldn't handle her hunger, so she watched while eating.
It was sad to watch that series, sometimes people die, and you end the episode being sad.
She finished watching and eating, she added the episode to her watch history.
She felt tired, and she wanted to use the bathroom, she used it and came to her bed, she laid on her bed and tried to close her eyes.
Lisa thought: "This is really a dream?, it looks very real...", then Lisa tries to pinch herself.
She didn't woke up, she was surprised by that.
Then Lisa slept, waiting to go more at the computer.