In the year of 2019, there was a tale of a spaceship that had an entire house inside it.
That spaceship had a fridge and a bathroom with a laser toilet bowl that melts the things inside it.
And people who got those spaceships were people that just liked to stay in their rooms.
Alone and doing things like using the computer and playing video games.
A lot of those people that had spaceships were teens, they were alone and depressive.
By some reason, they were teleported to those spaceships.
One of those people was Lisa, a girl of 16 years old.
She played games, used the fridge for eating, wrote stories on her computer.
She lived there, lived her life there doing the stuff she loved to.
She woke up, Lisa had a beautiful room in her spaceship.
A room with pink colors, a computer, a PlayStation 4, a fridge, a bathroom with a laser toilet bowl.
A bed and a Nintendo 3DS.
She loved to stay there, to write stories, to play games and listen to some dubstep and Japanese songs on her computer.
Today she had nothing to do, but she wanted to play some games.
She turned her computer on and sat on the chair, she then opened Steam and waited for it to open.
She opened Titanfall 2 to play a little.
She loved that game, she entered a multi-player match.
She made a 10/3, she liked that match.
Then she closed Steam and opened Firefox and Spotify.
She selected a Dubstep song to blast on her speakers.
Then she opened Facebook to talk with her friends.
She talked with her friend Anny.
"How are you, Anny?", said Lisa.
"I'm good, and you?", said Anny.
"I'm good too, what are you doing right now?", said Lisa.
"Playing God of War in my PS4", said Anny.
"Oh, that's cool, I'm gonna make something else right now", said Lisa.
"Ok", said Anny.
Then Lisa turned her PS4 on and grabbed the controller.
She also opened her Music player on her computer which was named Foobar and closed Spotify.
She had lots of GBs of music, she liked to have such a big library.
Then Lisa opened GTA V and started playing, she played the online mode.
She was playing with her friends, also she was listening to the song "Geoxor - Turn Around" in her music player.
She liked that song, Lisa had two monitors, one for the computer and one for the PS4.
Lisa noticed she was hungry, she became afk in the game and placed her controller in the desk.
She got up and opened the fridge, it was an automatic fridge that brought anything the person wants.
You could think of a pizza and a pizza would appear inside the fridge.
Then Lisa grabbed the cup of chocolate milk that was in the fridge.
And also the hamburger, she sat at her desk.
Lisa also liked to watch movies.
And series, anime, cartoons.
She downloads that stuff with utorrent.
After some time playing, she said to her friends that she was going to do another thing.
She liked Marvel and its movies, she had downloaded "The Avengers: Infinite War".
She grabbed a bowl of Doritos and a bottle of Coca-cola to watch the movie.
She opened her video player that was called VLC Media Player.
Lisa opened the mkv file of Infinite War in the video player.
And then she watched the movie, she loved the movie, all the action, and stuff, the heroes.
Then after some time, she got tired and turned her computer and PS4 off.
Her body was tired, she laid in her bed and slept, she had a dream.
Where she was going to school, and also had to clean her room and house of her parents.
Lisa also had to work, for her that dream was a nightmare.
Then after some time, that dream disappeared and another dream took its place, a better dream.
She was dreaming of being in her computer listening to dubstep songs and talking to her friends on Discord.
She liked that dream and wanted to wake up just to use Discord and talk to her friends.
Lisa liked what she had, that spaceship, the bed, computer, PS4, and Nintendo 3DS.
She wanted to play, to watch, to write and to talk.
She wanted to be alone, and to have her things to do.
And that is her life.