John woke up and turned his computer on, he opened the fridge and picked up a lemon cake.
He placed the plate with the lemon cake in the table where the computer was.
He opened Steam to play some games, he played Transport Defender and Zombidle for 30 minutes.
After that he opened Notepad++ to write some stories, or maybe one draft that he was trying to make better.
He worked a little on it and thought it was good, he saved the file, then after he downloaded some videos of Youtube to watch.
He downloaded 3 videos of Alanzoka and 3 of Cellbit Jogando.
John had a site where he placed the videos and a green button called "Watch" was added linking to his local video file.
He watched some videos and then closed the tab of the site, he used VLC Media Player to watch those videos.
John also liked to play Minecraft, he had 3 servers in his Minecraft Server List.
He liked to play survival and skyblock on those servers, John liked the "Fanbase" of those servers.
John played a little in those servers, he had friends there.
He closed the game and started to talk to his friends in Discord, he liked the friends he had.
It was 11:00AM there, but he didn't know the difference between day and night because he didn't have light or a sun close to there.
Then the scene changed to Lisa, she was writing The Odds of Nature, she finished the current chapter and saved.
After that she posted her story to Wattpad, after some minutes the chapter had 5 views and 2 comments.
Lisa was happy about that, she liked to have a fanbase or to have people that liked to read what she write.
After that, Lisa opened Netflix to watch some series, she liked to watch The Walking Dead.
Lisa was in the second episode of the seventh season, she liked the story and the characters, but also was a little scared to watch.
The Discord app was open on her computer, when she started watching The Walking Dead S07E03, the details of what she was watching appeared on her Discord profile.
She paused the video playback and got some popcorn and coca-cola from her fridge, she liked to eat popcorn while watching things,
Then she sat at her chair and played the video, she ate while watching, then the episode ended, she closed the Netflix app.
Then Lisa switched to Discord, she wanted to talk with her friends on Discord, she noticed that John was online.
Lisa started to talk with him, she said: "Hi, you got better at writing?".
After some time John replied saying: "Yes, I searched on the internet how to get better at writing, I wrote a draft today".
Then Lisa said: "Oh, that's cool, can I see it?".
John said: "Yes, of course, I will send the file to you?, ok?".
Then Lisa replied: "Ok".
John sent her a file named: "Bubbles and Creams.txt" of 5KB.
Lisa said: "I will read this now".
After some time Lisa replied saying: "I think this is better than the other story you sent me, like... the way you wrote it".
"The grammar is better too, I liked the story, I think the concept is interesting, you should publish it somewhere, like Wattpad".
"I would be happy to read it on Wattpad :)".
Then John replied: "Oh, ok, I'm happy that you think that about my story, I tried to get better at writing just because I admire you so much".
"And I wanted to make you proud of me or something, so thanks for liking my story, and thanks for helping me get better at writing".
"I will post it on Wattpad, thanks for the suggestion".
Then Lisa replied: "Oh, I'm happy to help you and to inspire you too, thanks for that :)".
"I'm gonna make something else now, ok, see you later :3".
Then John replied: "See you later".
Lisa was so happy that she inspired John to get better at writing, that made her want to do more stories, and to write more.
Then Lisa opened Steam to play some games, she opened Apex Legends to play a little.
She liked the game, she wanted to play more, but was a little tired to play.
She won a match and closed the game, she had other friends on Discord too.
Lisa wanted to talk to Anny, to play a little and stuff, Anny had a Discord too.
Then Lisa sent a message to Anny on Discord saying: "Hey, want to play a little today?".
Then Anny replied: "Yes, I would like to do that, but what you want to play?".
Lisa said: "I don't know, just a little GTA V, or Terraria if you want".
Anny said: "I would like to play both".
Then Lisa and Anny entered a private server on Discord to go on a voice-call, Lisa called a Music Bot to the voice-call to listen to some music while playing.
Lisa and Anny played GTA V Online a little, they liked that game, then after that Lisa said that she was going to do something else.
Lisa was looking into Wattpad for some stories to read, she discovered that the "Life of Littletato" received a new chapter, the Chapter 18.
The story was written by a user called "2ekats", Lisa liked that story, she liked to see Littletato and Julia living their lives.
She loved the chapter she gave it a vote and commented on it, after some minutes the author replied her saying:
"Hi, thanks for voting on my story, and thanks for liking and commenting on it, I'm really happy to see your feedback and your comments".
Lisa was happy to give feedback and to comment on the stories she liked.
Then she turned her Playstation 4 on and opened a game called Need For Speed, she liked to play that.
Lisa played for some time and closed the game, she turned her video game off.
She felt hungry, she opened the fridge and there was a packet of chocolate stuffed biscuit and a Doritos on there, also a cup of coca-cola.
Lisa picked up all the things and placed them on her table, she opened the packet of biscuit and she dropped them on a plastic bowl.
She opened a movie on Netflix to watch, the movie was called "The Avengers: Infinite War".
She watched while eating the biscuits, Doritos and drinking coca-cola, she liked the movie, and she added it to her list of "Watched Movies".
Lisa loved to make text files, she had a friend called Funkysnipa Cat, she knew him on Google+.
Funkysnipa Cat was the first to start the conversation on Discord, Funkysnipa Cat and Lisa were native speakers of the Brazilian Portuguese language.
Funkysnipa Cat said in Brazilian Portuguese: "Hi".
Then Lisa said: "Hi".
They talked a little and started to know each other again, they liked to talk about stories, they had a lot in common.
Funky and Lisa loved to write stories, and Lisa wanted to write together with Funky some time.
The real name of Funky was Izaque, Lisa liked to be his friend.
After some time learning about each other, Izaque discovered that Lisa lived in a LonelyShip.
Izaque lived in the normal Planet Earth, Izaque thought that was an interesting fact about Lisa.
On the beginning of the conversation Izaque sent Lisa the link of his Wattpad profile, Lisa and Izaque talked about stories for a while.
They also played together some times, actually the author of this story is Izaque or Funkysnipa Cat.
Yes, that's it, I'm Izaque and I'm writing about Lisa, my dear friend, that's a little weird to do right?.
Because a lot of stories don't talk with the reader, they tell a story to the reader, but its simply that, I'm writing a story about my friend Lisa.
I'm thinking you probably have a face like this now: "O_O".
Back to Narrator style.
Lisa said to Izaque what she did on the days she spent on that spaceship, so he could write the Chapters of the story "SpaceLiving".
Izaque loved to write that story (*wink*).
Izaque analyzed the day of Lisa and wrote a story about that, then he sent the story file to Lisa.
Lisa liked and gave permission to Izaque to publish the story and to send the story to his friends.
Izaque loved when a specific friend read SpaceLiving, that friend was more than a friend, that person was called [...] (...).
Lisa loved to talk to Izaque, Lisa also knew that [...] liked to read her story.
Lisa wanted to talk to her, Lisa asked for the contact of [...], Izaque said that she could talk to [...].
Then [...] started the conversation with Lisa, they talked a little, Isa started to know Lisa a little more.
Then after some time they stopped talking.
Lisa thought that she had a happy life, she wrote stories, she had some good friends like Izaque, Isa and John.
She felt tired, she said goodbye to Izaque and turned the computer off.
She then laid on her bed and slept.