It was a beautiful day in the SpaceLiving world.
Lisa, Izaque, Wendy, John, Ted, Monika, Manuh, Kendra, and Drag were all inside their spaceships, living happily.
Izaque was looking for "New World Things" on the Internet and Discord Servers.
He was a SpaceLiver or a resident of the LonelyShips but also liked to do "New World Stuff" in the earth.
Izaque learned about this New World Theory in 2016, it was about a group of people that were changing the whole world.
With holograms, soul-like body forms, beings, laws, he made the documentation of New World and a website for it in 2019, before being teleported to a LonelyShip.
And sometimes, he teleports out of his spaceship, to do those New World stuff, to use holograms, to see his loved characters of his favorite cartoon.
Which is My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic, Izaque dreamed his entire life about being able to see them, to hug them, to talk to them.
The first time he saw them, with the possibility that New World has created for him, was two months before he was teleported to his LonelyShip, he hugged every one of them.
Twilight Sparkle, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash, Rarity, and Applejack.
He was so happy at that moment, he could cry of happiness all day.
New World and the New World Government have created a portal to all the visual things that humans have created, movies, cartoons, anime, games, series.
Izaque loved to visit and talk with all his favorite characters, of MLP, Sword Art Online, Fairy Tail, To Love Ru, Shingeki No Kyojin, Yuru Camp, Plastic Memories, Eromanga Sensei.
He had a lot of New World friends, who knew about New World its technology.
Izaque was tired, he said for some Discord friends that he was going to take a nap, he looked at the computer clock and perceived that it was 12:00 in the afternoon.
He said good afternoon to Wendy, Lulu, Igor, Carol, Paulo, Camila, and Natalia, then he turned off the computer and laid on his bed.
Izaque was dreaming, he was a kid in that dream, a kid named Izaque, and he was eating dinner with Lulu, his sister, Ana, his mother, John, his father.
He loved his family, Izaque loved to go out on adventures with Lulu and John, in one specific adventure, Izaque got a Gold Glove with jewels in it, he thinks the last user of this glove was sonahT.
Izaque loved to use his glove, to protect his family, the glove had the power to create portals, to travel to another dimension, and to fire elements.
One night, everyone except Izaque was sleeping, he grabbed his glove and got out of the house, then opened a portal to the My Little Pony World.
It was his first time in another world, he transformed his glove into two normal, black gloves, and made himself invisible.
He looked and analyzed the creatures of that world, they were ponies, then Izaque imagined himself like a pony, he transformed into one with a green mane, blue skin and became visible.
A pink pony approached him, he was scared, because he didn't want to draw too much attention or make a commotion.
The pink pony said in a sharp, shrill voice: "I've never seen you here in Ponyville, are you new?, 
my name is Pinkie Pie and I am the receptionist, party planner, and cupcakes cooker of town, what's your name?."
Izaque was scared and surprised about how that pony could talk so fast, it was hard for him to understand all those words in so little time.
He replied: "Uh... my name is Izaque and yes, I'm new here, I don't want to live here, you know... I'm just a visitor, can I talk to...".
At that moment, Izaque moved his right hoof to his back and used the hidden glove to know a little about the universe.
It looked like he was stealing or copying the knowledge that the Izaque of Planet Earth in 2019 had about the My Little Pony universe.
"Twilight Sparkle?", said him, finishing his sentence.
Pinkie Pie said: "Oh, you wanna meet my friend Twilight right?, I'll take you to her".
"Thanks a lot!", replied Izaque.
They both walked to the Friendship Castle and Pinkie Pie knocked on the door.
Twilight opened the door and said: "Oh hey Pinkie Pie", then turned her head to Izaque and said while getting close to his face:
"Hey... I think I know you, you have an aura of someone I know... can I look at you more closely?".
Izaque blushed and said: "W-well, maybe, hehe...".
Pinkie Pie said: "Well... I'm gonna leave you guys alone", and started walking away from them.
"Good!", said Twilight.
Then she began to mumble while analyzing him, "You remind me of Izaque... a human that comes here sometimes", said her.
"I fear you're a version of him from another universe, what are you doing here, and why are you a pony? how did you get here?".
Izaque said: "Well... I just wanted to visit this world, I'm a pony because I have a magician item, I got here by that same magician item".
Then he thought to himself: "Man, I have to go back, I learned through the Izaque of 2019 that one day in this world is one year at my world, I hope that's a myth".
Twilight said: "Oh... and what magician item is that?".
"Can I go in? I can't show that in public", whispered Izaque.
Twilight said: "Sure!, come in", Izaque walked in and Twilight closed the door.
"It's this thing here", said Izaque, while transforming his glove back to its original state.
Twilight's eyes shined when she saw the beautiful, sheeny gold glove with jewels, she wanted to touch it.
She moved her hoof close to the glove, Izaque moved the glove closer to him and said: "I gotta go Twilight, sorry, I'm gonna leave this... stone here, so you can remember that I'm gonna come back".
"Oh, okay...", said Twilight, then Izaque created a small rock with the letter "I" on it and dropped it on the floor, opened a portal back to his world and crossed through it.
He was back at his world, he came inside the house and walked to his room, stored his glove on a wooden chest and slept again.
Before sleeping, Izaque thought: "I said I was going to travel to other worlds, Lulu of Planet Earth!".
Then the dream of Izaque changed to something else, he was dreaming about a game called No Man's Sky.
Wendy was in her spaceship, she perceived that she loved the bird Phoenix, and wanted to have one, she asked herself if she could create one in the spaceship.
Then a voice started speaking in the spaceship, it said: "Do you want to have a pet in your spaceship?, then click on this button and the Pets menu will open on your computer".
"If you had a pet in the earth, it would be brought together with you, but it seems that you don't have one, so get one at the menu".
Wendy pressed the button and the menu opened in the SpaceLiving app that was installed in her computer, she then selected the Phoenix.
The menu lets her choose only the name of the pet, she chose one and clicked on the "Spawn" button.
A Phoenix appeared in her spaceship, the animal was a female, her name was "Philomena".
The bird was an ugly bird, Wendy didn't like that, but then, the bird exploded in flames and became ashes.
After some time, the ashes shine and a beautiful, yellow and red bird is born, shining more than the sun, Wendy got amazed by that.
Philomena flew to Wendy's arm and she smiled, "I love you... Philomena...", said Wendy.
Then after some time, an open birdcage and a nest appeared on the wall, it had bird food and water, a voice on the spaceship said:
"The spaceship automatically detects if the pet needs food or water, if the pet drinks or eats all the food, the space ship will put more in there".
"And the spaceship has a special place for each type of animal, so they can do their necessities, every time the pet thinks about doing that, the spaceship will release a scent".
"A scent that makes the pet want to go to that special place, your pet will be in good hands, or more like... mechanical arms and pistons, thanks for getting a pet, take care of it!".
Wendy was a little tired, she played some piano, Philomena danced to the music that she was playing, Wendy was happy about that.
She got tired and laid on her bed, slept and had a good dream, a happy dream, where she was with her friends and had Philomena with her.
Izaque was still dreaming about No Man's Sky, he was talking with a friend of him, a Korvax.
John was writing one of his stories on his computer, he wanted to finish that chapter quickly because he was sleepy and tired.
He finished the chapter and sent it to Lisa, she liked the chapter and told him to post it, he posted and received a lot of comments.
John was too tired to reply to them all, he ate two chocolate crackers and drank a cup of water, then laid on his bed and slept.
Every one at SpaceLiving was sleeping, it was 23:00 there, Ted was sleeping together with Monika.
They always sleep hugged, Ted was dreaming about being the character of the survival game Don't Starve, the character was Wilson.
He walked a little at the grassland, and gathered some grass and sticks, then made a campfire with rocks.
After that, he took some trees down and put five logs into the campfire, cooked a pork-chop and ate it.
Then he walked a little far to check some traps that he had made to catch some rabbits, three of them had rabbits trapped inside them.
John picked up the traps and killed all the bunnies, then walked back to his campfire and cooked the three rabbits and stored them in his fridge.
Monika was dreaming of being a computer file, she was inside a game, in that game, there were five characters, her, Sayori, Yuri, Natsuki, and Izaque, or the main character.
She thought that the dream was really weird, it seemed too real, she knew that it was a game.
A video was becoming famous at the Internet, it was a video that Izaque posted, he recorded his LonelyShip and made a tour through it.
He showed his powerful computer, his ThoughtPoweredFridge(TPF), how it worked, how the buttons of the spaceship worked, what the windows showed.
Izaque said it was a beautiful spaceship, with white walls, he said he loved to live there with Manuh, Drag, and Kendra.
Lisa was listening to some synth-pop songs she had downloaded, she wanted to talk a little with Izaque.
Izaque woke up, he needed some coffee, he got out of bed and opened the fridge, his beautiful, quadrangular, green cup was there, with some coffee with milk.
It was hot, and the smell was amazing, the color, 20% milk, and 80% coffee, the milk was poured first, just like he liked.
He surely loved that cup, it was his favorite cup at the earth, then he turned on his computer and played whatever he was listening to the last time he used the computer.
It was a rock song, the volume was so high that he spilled coffee on the table and on the floor, "Shit!", shouted him.
He paused the song quickly, left the cup on the table and picked up a napkin to wipe the table, then cleaned the table and changed his clothes.
Izaque listened to a calm song while drinking his coffee and checking his social media, the name of the song was "Panda Eyes - Take My Hand Ft. Azuria Sky (Z∆NE Remix)".
Some people liked and commented on his stories in Wattpad, he replied to all of them, thanking his fans, then replied to his messages on Facebook and Discord.
He loved to know that Wendy, Lulu, Paulo, and Igor had talked to him, he was so happy to see them every day, even if it wasn't physically.
For him, was awesome to see their faces, or profile pictures every day.
Kendra woke up and wanted to eat something sweet, she got up and grabbed a marshmallow that was inside the fridge.
She ate it and loved it, then she wanted to listen to some rock on her computer, she put it to play.
Kendra was just like Izaque, headbanging to rock just like he headbangs to Dubstep.
Manuh and Drag were still sleeping, they were dreaming about a lot of things, Drag dreamed about visiting some k-pop artists.
Then about playing a game in his smartphone, Free Fire, he liked to play that game.
Manuh dreamed about living with Brendon Urie from the band Panic! at the Disco, she loved him.
Wendy was dreaming about playing the piano, she thought about a good video that she saw one day, about a cover of Bad Guy from Billie Eilish.
She liked that video, and sent it to a special friend of her, her friend like the video and thanked her.
Monika was dreaming about living in the No Man's Sky world, those SpaceLivers(LonelyShippers) surely dream right? (informal: man they don't stop dreaming xDD)