In the year 2019, there was a tale of some spaceships that had an entire house inside them, those spaceships were called LonelyShips.
Some rumors about those spaceships were spreading across the internet, people were talking about it on the Internet forums.
The company that created those spaceships were called ThinkOutsideTheBox or TOTB.
Those spaceships had a fridge that creates any food that you thought, that fridge is called Thought Powered Fridge, or TPF.
A bathroom with a laser toilet bowl that melts the things inside it, a tall window where you could see the Earth, the Moon, and the Sun.
A laser gun outside of the spaceship to protect the person from asteroids that maybe would hit the spaceship.
A super-fast computer with lots of hard drive space, and a wardrobe.
People who got those spaceships were people that just liked to stay inside their bedrooms.
Alone and doing things like using the computer and playing video games, chatting on social networks.
A lot of those people were teens, they were alone and depressed, they were sad because they had no will to live, no purpose.
Some of them did not like needing to eat or drink water, to go to school or to work, to clean their bedrooms.
For some reason, they were teleported into those spaceships, to live there, maybe to live happier, because they had everything they needed there.

One of those people was Lisa, a 16 years old Brazilian girl, she has medium gray hair and green eyes.
She played games, used the TPF fridge to eat, she also liked to write stories on her computer, Lisa posted them on the Wattpad website for the world to see.
The girl lived her life there, doing the stuff that she loved to do, the things that made her happy, and the things that had meaning to her.
Lisa had a beautiful spaceship with pink walls, it had a super-fast computer with two screens, a PlayStation 4 video game console, and a fridge called Thought Powered Fridge, or TPF.
The spaceship also had a bathroom with a laser toilet bowl that melts the things inside it, a double-size bed, a wardrobe, and a portable video game console called Nintendo 3DS.
She liked to use her computer because it was super fast and had lots of hard drive space for her to download and store her series, anime, cartoons, and movies.
She loved to live there, to write stories, play games, and listen to some Dubstep and Japanese songs on her computer.

Today she had nothing important to do, but she wanted to play some games on the Steam gaming platform.
(Steam is a software where you can download free and paid games to play on your computer.)
Lisa turned her computer on and sat on the chair, clicked on the Steam program, and waited for it to open.
She opened a game called Titanfall 2 to play a little, she loved that game, it had lots of futuristic things and mechas, robots and laser weapons.
Lisa entered a multiplayer match and made a 10/3 score, 10 are the kills and 3 are the deaths.
She liked that match, then she closed Steam and opened the programs called Mozilla Firefox and Spotify.
(Mozilla Firefox is a web browser and Spotify is a music player where you can listen to online music without downloading it.)
Lisa selected a Dubstep song on Firefox to blast on her speakers and started banging her head to the beat of the song.

Then she opened the social network website called Facebook to talk with her friends and started to talk with one friend of hers called Anny.
"What's up?" asked Lisa.
"I'm fine, how about you?" replied Anny.
"Me too, what are you up to?" said Lisa.
"Playing some God of War on my PS4, what about you, Lisa?" asked Anny.
"Oh, that's cool, I'm just listening to some Dubstep," said Lisa.
"That sounds great, what song are you listening to?" asked Anny.
"The song is called <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYMQbWUxGM">'Still Got Something'</a> from God's Warrior," replied Lisa.
"I'll listen to it after I finish playing, can you send it to me?" said Anny.
Then Lisa looked at the Firefox tab that had the song playing on the Youtube website.
She clicked on the text box on her conversation with Anny and typed:
"Yes, I'll send the link to you Anny."
"Okay, thanks ^^," said Anny.
Lisa then sent the Youtube link of the Dubstep song to Anny.
The gray-haired girl said: "I'm gonna do something else now, good game for you, bye ^^".
"Bye Lisa ^^, thanks for the link," replied Anny.
"No problem, hehe," said Lisa.

Lisa closed the Mozilla Firefox program, turned her PlayStation 4 on and grabbed its controller, the PS4 was being displayed on a second screen that Lisa had.
The girl also opened her music player on her computer which was called Foobar2000 and closed the Spotify music player program.
She had lots of GigaBytes of music stored in her hard drive, Lisa liked to have such a big library of music.
Then Lisa opened the game called Grand Theft Auto V and started playing, she was playing the online mode of the game.
The girl was playing with her friends, and she was listening to the Dubstep song called "Geoxor - Turn Around" in the Foobar2000 music player.
She liked that song and sang a little bit of it while listening to the sound of the Dubstep basses, she was happy playing and listening to music.

The girl felt that she was a little hungry, she became AFK in the game and laid her controller on the desk.
She got up and opened her TPF fridge, it was an automatic fridge that created any food that the person wanted.
You could think of a pizza and a pizza would appear instantly inside the fridge.
Then Lisa grabbed the cup of chocolate milk and the hamburger that were inside the fridge, she sat at her desk and started eating the hamburger and drinking the milk.
After eating, she put her computer on sleep mode and waited for some minutes.
Then Lisa turned her computer on again and told her friends that she was going to do something else.
She closed Grand Theft Auto V and put to play a Livestream of songs of the Future Bass genre and rested a little while laid in her bed.

Lisa also liked to watch movies, series, anime, cartoons, and Youtube videos.
She liked to download them with a program called Utorrent and another one called MegaSync.
After resting a little, Lisa thought about watching a movie, she got up and closed the live stream of the Future Bass music genre.
She liked Marvel and its movies, she had downloaded a movie called The Avengers: Infinite War from Marvel.
Lisa grabbed a plastic bowl of Doritos and a bottle of Coca-cola from inside the TPF fridge to eat while watching the movie.
Then the girl opened her video player that was called VLC Media Player and opened the video file of Infinite War with it.
The gray-haired girl watched the movie while eating, making some pauses to go to the bathroom.
She even opened the Discord program on her computer to talk about the movie with her friends.
(Discord is a social network platform for gamers but non-gamers also use it.)
The girl loved the movie, all the action, the heroes, the special effects, she was sad about Spider-Man.
Lisa created a text file on her computer to write everything that she thought about the movie, her feelings, and her opinions.
Then she saved the file and closed it, after that, she opened an episode of the series called The Walking Dead to watch.
The girl watched the entire episode while eating the rest of her Doritos and the rest of her Coca-cola bottle.
Lisa liked that series, she watched it when she was younger, it brings back good memories to her, even if it is a little violent and scary.
It reminds her of the time she watched that series with her older sister when Lisa lived on Earth, it reminds her of a special someone.

Then she opened another Livestream of the Future Bass music genre on Youtube.
After some time drinking water and listening to Future Bass music, she got tired and said good night to her friends.
Then she turned both her computer and her PlayStation 4 off, putting the controller inside a drawer of the computer table.
Her body was tired, Lisa laid in her bed and closed her eyes, the spaceship automatically turned off the spaceship lights and she could see some stars from her tall spaceship window.
She had a dream where she was going to school, had to clean her room, had to get high grades.
For her that dream was a nightmare, she did not like that style of life and did not like to do the hard stuff.

Then after a while, that dream disappeared and another dream took its place, a better dream.
Lisa was dreaming of using her supercomputer, listening to Dubstep songs, and talking to her friends on Discord.
She liked that dream, she was happy and wanted to wake up just to do the same thing that she was doing in the dream.
Lisa loved the life she lived, she had a spaceship that had a bed, a wardrobe, the TPF fridge, a supercomputer, a PlayStation 4, Nintendo 3DS, and a laser gun.
The girl had a lot of things to make her happy and entertain her, to make her feel complete, to make her life worth.
Lisa wanted to play games, watch, write, listen, draw, and talk, to create, to explore the world of the Internet, to experience things, to feel things.
She wanted to live alone inside her spaceship, inside her LonelyShip, she wanted to do a lot of fun things, to eat delicious food and drink delicious drinks.
And this is the story of her life, it is also the story of the SpaceLiving SpaceShip Network, the network of SpaceShips that make you happy, SpaceLiving means living in space.
Those SpaceShips are called LonelyShips by TOTB, because they are lonely, there is only you inside of them, you and the things you like.
See you in the next chapter, thank you for reading! :3
I'm Izaque, the writer and author of this story.