Wendy was playing some keyboard on her spaceship, it was the theme song of the Titanic movie, she liked to practice keyboard.
Izaque was thinking about his days at school, he had a lot of friends there and liked talking to them every day, the food was not very good but he liked.
Monika was talking to some of her friends on Discord, one friend of hers was called Sayori.
Monika said: "hey Sayori, how are you?..."
Sayori: "hey Monika, I'm fine, how about you?"
Monika: "I'm good too, just living here in the spaceship with my boyfriend Ted"
Sayori: "Oh, I got a part-time job with Yuri, it is on a library"
Monika: "That sounds very sweet Sayori, good luck on your job! What about Yuri?"
Sayori: "Well... she liked the job because she loves books, so I guess its a really good job for her"
Ted was playing some Titanfall 2 with his friends, after that he changed to Terraria.
Izaque got a notification on the Discord server of SpaceLiving saying that a new SpaceLiver has arrived.
The message says: "@Funkysnipa Cat#1778 Hello, a new SpaceLiver has arrived!, it would be good if you could greet them and explain to them about the SpaceLiving Network, thanks for your help! :)"
Izaque then added the new SpaceLiver on Discord, she was called Marina.
Funkysnipa Cat: "Hello, I'm an admin at the SpaceLiving Discord server, they told me that you're new here, so... need help with anything? :)"
Her user-name was Peach_Army, she said: "I wanted to know where I am, where all of this came from and who's the owner of this rabbit?"
Funkysnipa Cat said: "Well... this spaceship is called "LonelyShip", she is hovering some kilometers away from earth, if you look through the window you will see the earth."
Funkysnipa Cat: "This bunny was given to you because you had thought before coming here about having a bunny, and then the spaceship gave it to you."
Funkysnipa Cat: "Don't worry, if you want to go back home you can click on the icon on your computer and click on "Teleport back to earth..."
Funkysnipa Cat: "The spaceship teleported you because it felt your desire, about living alone, only with a computer, food, a bathroom, this happened with me too, and with everyone at the server."
Marina looked at the window and thought about the earth for a little, about everything she went through there, then she decides something and walks to the computer and types on the shiny keys.
Peach_Army: "I want to stay."
Funkysnipa Cat: "Hm, I'm happy for you, I can assure you will be so much happy here, I hope I have helped you, we can be friends?... my name is Izaque."
Peach_Army: "Well, if I'm gonna stay alone here with... the bunny, then yes, we can be friends."
Funkysnipa Cat: "Oh that's good, I'm glad, what's your name?"
Peach_Army: "My name is Marina, nice to meet you."
Funkysnipa Cat: "Nice to meet you too Marina."
Funkysnipa Cat: "So... what do you like to do on the computer? :D"
Marina: "I try to compose songs, play some games of strategy and talk a little"
Marina: "I also see doramas"
Marina: "and study"
Marina: "How about you?"
Funkysnipa Cat: "Well, I watch anime, write some stories, talk with some friends here on Discord, help the new people who arrive, I love to play too, on Xbox One, PS4"
Funkysnipa Cat: "And studying was one of the boring things that I did in my life on earth xD, why do you study? or what you study?"
Marina: "Actually, studying was one of the things I loved the most on Earth"
Marina: "I like to know that what I learn will always innovate"
Marina: "I must have been one of the only people who like math"
Marina: "xD"
Marina: "And I study Asian culture"
Marina: "Mostly the Korean"
Funkysnipa Cat: "lol, I think I can drop the "first capital letter" and use period, they say I can't be friends with the people I help get to SpaceLiving"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I think I didn't like to learn what I wouldn't use like history, Brazilian Portuguese, or the things of the school, but I love to learn about technology"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I love Japanese culture"
Marina: "One of my favorites too lol"
Funkysnipa Cat: "hahaha"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I love to show this New World to people, because I love to live in it, the SpaceLiving, but I don't like the rules, like the one I told you about"
Funkysnipa Cat: "do you know the name of the company that created the SpaceLiving Network?"
Marina: "no.."
Marina: "Which one?"
Funkysnipa Cat: "Its ThinkOutsideTheBox or TOTB"
Marina: "How the families of the people of SpaceLiving feel like?"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I think they get sad, but some don't care, because they don't care about the relative, they receive a message like a hologram, telling that their relative of them is on a SpaceLiving"
Funkysnipa Cat: "you can eat what you want on the fridge, but your relatives can send special food for you if they want, just let them know"
Funkysnipa Cat: "like food from your grandma or mom that you love"
Marina: "I see..."
Funkysnipa Cat: "there's also a teleporter on the spaceship that can teleport you to a house that you consider trustworthy like your parents' house to visit if you miss them"
Marina: "I was going to ask that now xD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "xD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "just go there and think "my dad's house" "my mom's house" or something, and click a button called "Submit" "
Funkysnipa Cat: "the person who lives in the house of your choice will receive the notification and will choose to accept or not, then a teleporter will be created in the chosen house"
Marina: "Got it..."
Marina: "I think I'll like it here"
Marina: "It seems my dream has finally come true, without the problems of others surrounding me"
Funkysnipa Cat: "That's very good Marina, this was my dream too, and living alone too, I love computers"
Marina: "My computer gave life to me xD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "xD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I think there's a boy who writes stories about this spaceship"
Funkysnipa Cat: "Or his spaceship in this case, maybe this boy is me xD, just maybe..."
Marina: "Really?!"
Funkysnipa Cat: "yes Hahaha xD"
Marina: "I'd love to read your story someday"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I'd love to send it to you"
Funkysnipa Cat: "there are already some chapters published"
Funkysnipa Cat: "want the link?"
Marina: "Yes, Please"
Funkysnipa Cat: "<a href="https://diario.netlify.com/new_world/spaceliving/">https://diario.netlify.com/new_world/spaceliving/</a>"
Marina: "Thank you"
Funkysnipa Cat: "you're welcome, thanks for reading"
Funkysnipa Cat: "I think in chapter 5 there's an invite to the SpaceLiving server, but that's kind of useless since you're already on it"
Marina: "So, who reads till Chapter 5, and is on Earth, can go to SpaceLiving?!"
Marina: "If I had known I would have read your story before xDDD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "xDD"
Funkysnipa Cat: "Well... no, I just send this story to someone that is already on a ship"
Funkysnipa Cat: "But I think there are some internet tutorials on how to be "invited" to live on a SpaceLiving"
Marina: "I've never seen anything about it"
Marina: "I would have liked it a lot"
Funkysnipa Cat: "Me too"
Marina: "I'll talk to you later, I'm gonna watch an anime here, see ya later :3"
Funkysnipa Cat: "See you later Marina :3"
Then Marina walked close to her TPF(Thought-Powered-Fridge) and thought about a coca-cola and a slice of pizza.
She sat at her chair and laid the cup and plate on the top of the table, then downloaded an episode of the anime called Eromanga Sensei to watch.
Marina ate the food and drank the soda while watching, she loved to watch anime while eating.
After that, she was feeling a little tired, she said goodnight to Izaque and laid on her bed, then slept.