Izaque was in his LonelyShip, he was listening to a song of the Dubstep genre on Foobar2000, he thought about Marina, his special friend.
He wanted to visit her somehow, or teleport to her LonelyShip, he messaged her on Discord, saying:
"Hey Marina, can I teleport to your SpaceShip?... I wanted to visit you".
She replied positively, then he opened the SpaceLiving Dashboard on his computer.
A button popped up, it said:
"Teleport to...".
Then he clicked and typed the id of Marina's Discord alongside with her name.
A message appeared on Marina's computer, saying:
"Funkysnipa Cat#1778 wants to teleport to your LonelyShip, accept?".
She clicked on yes, then the teleporter of Izaque began to shine blue, he walked inside it and closed the door.
A blue light shines inside Marina's teleporter after it disappears Marina sees Izaque inside the teleporter.
He gets out of it and says:
"Hi Marina!", says Izaque.
"Hi!", says Marina.
"So... I guess it's been a while since I've seen a person... personally," says Izaque with a short laugh.
"Yes," says Marina with a short laugh.
"Can I sit on your bed?", asks Izaque.
"Yes you can," she says, tapping the bed beside him, indicating that he should sit there.
He sits on her bed and realizes that the coverlet of the bed is purple and is very beautiful, he starts looking at Marina's spaceship.
She continues to fiddle with her laptop.
He looks at Marina fidgeting with her laptop and has an idea.
"Hey Marina, would you like to watch something with me? Like an anime? The spaceship has a computer too if you want, and a big screen," asks Izaque.
"Okay... We can eat something while we watch," says Marina, who gets up and goes to the fridge, choosing some sweets.
"Ok, thanks," says Izaque.
"Can I go choosing the movie?" Asks Izaque.
"Sure," answers Marina.
"Okay," says Izaque.
He grabs Marina's notebook, opens the SpaceLiving interface, activates the computer and large monitor, and uses the remote controller to pick a movie on the computer.
It opens the SpaceFlix application on the computer, which has all sorts of things mankind has ever produced, anime, movies, series, doramas, videos.
"What do you want to eat?" Asks Marina.
"Hm... pizza, but without onion, and a coke," he says as he picks a specific Japanese dorama he knows Marina likes, called Meteor Garden.
He selects the first episode and pauses waiting for Marina to get the food.
She takes what he asks and for her, gets ice cream and some cookies.
"I'm coming!" Says Marina.
"Okay," he says smiling at Marina.
She puts his pizza on a plate and takes it along with the Coke, "Here," she says smiling.
"Thanks, Marina," he says, who then picks up his pizza and coke and settles into bed.
She sits next to him and says:
"What are you putting for us to watch?"
"Meteor Garden, I think you like this drama, right?" He asks.
"I love! Thank you!" she says, who smiles at him and looks at the screen.
"You're welcome Marina," he smiles back at her, gets up, and picks up the computer's wireless mouse and keyboard.
Izaque leaves the video in full screen and presses play, then sits back in bed to watch with Marina.
Marina paid attention to every detail of the scenes while eating ice cream.
He stared at the screen as he ate his piece of pizza and drank his coke.
"Are you enjoying it?" She whispered now turning her attention to Izaque.
"Yes, this drama is very cool, you have good taste Marina," he replies.
"Thank you." She feels a slight flush on her cheeks and turns her attention to the screen.
"You're welcome," Izaque smiles at Marina and turns her attention back to the screen.
He thinks how cool it is to be able to live on a SpaceLiving spaceship and watch movies in high resolutions while eating delicious stuff, and he feels like it's been a long time since he had a physical connection with anyone.
Izaque finishes his pizza and his coke, the episode is already halfway through.
She eats some cookies, "Want?" She says offering him one.
"Yes," he replies, taking a cookie and eating it.
"It's nice to watch along with you Marina, I'm so happy," he says, smiling at her.
"I enjoyed your company here Zaq!" She smiles back.
"Thanks, I also enjoyed keeping you company," he replies.
It was the end of the episode, Izaque's coke can was on his plate, and Marina's ice cream jar was on the floor.
Izaque left Marina's computer screen on the desktop and stood up, taking his plate and her jar.
"Thank you," she says.
"You're welcome, hey Marina, I don't know if you know, but if you put your used cutlery, utensils and plates in the fridge, it'll get rid of them," he says, opening the fridge and placing the plate and jar inside as he explains.
After that he opens the fridge and looks at Marina, she sees that the fridge is empty.
"I didn't know, thanks for telling me," she says, who gives a short laugh.
"So, I think I'll come back to my Marina spaceship, hey..." he says thoughtfully.
"Go on," she says as she watches him closely.
"Can I give you a hug before I go?" Asks Izaque.
She smiles and gets up, approaching him and saying "Yes you can".
Izaque hugs her and closes her eyes, enjoying the moment.
"Thanks for keeping me company today, I wanted to see someone," she says as she hugs him tighter and then releases him, waving and saying, "See you."
"You're welcome, see ya," says Izaque, who enters the teleporter, as he was a guest on Marina's spaceship, he can only teleport back to his spaceship.
He closes the teleporter's door and pushes a blue button that says "Back to your spaceship." After a few seconds a blue light comes on inside the teleporter, he takes one last look at Marina and then disappears.
Marina smiles at him before he disappears, and is pleased to see Izaque.
Izaque goes back to his teleporter, opens the door and gets out of it, turns on his computer and opens Discord to talk to Marina.
Funkysnipa Cat: "Hey Marina... thanks for today, it was really cool, I think I'll get some sleep".
Marina: "Yes, I really enjoyed today. Goodnight Izaque."
Then Izaque turns off his computer, lies in his bed and sleeps.