Everyone was inside their spaceships, and a message appeared on the computer of everyone, saying that they were close to the day 25 of December, which was Christmas.
And everyone from the SpaceLiving Network was going to win a Christmas present.
The ThinkOustideTheBox prepared a SpaceShip pack so they can use it and modify the color of the walls and furniture of their spaceships to a Christmas theme.
They also prepared a movie, series and anime pack on the SpaceFlix app, which was used to watch things, it had a lot of Christmas stuff to watch there.
The meal of the day was hot chocolate with chocolate chip cookies, and it was marked with a star in front of the door of the Thought Powered Fridge(TPF) so everyone could have it.
There was also a spaceship that they could teleport to spend their Christmas with their friends and family and other SpaceLivers.
A lot of SpaceLivers activated the Xmas theme and were watching Christmas movies in their spaceships.
Lisa was in the spaceship of Izaque, watching a Christmas anime with him while eating a chocolate cake and drinking a coke.
Wendy was commemorating her holidays with her parents on Earth, singing songs and watching things, being with her family and friends.
John was also on Earth, walking through his native city and saying happy Christmas to everyone, giving presents to random people.
Ted and Monika were in the Christmas SpaceShip watching a movie while drinking hot cocoa and eating chocolate chip cookies.
They loved to be there together at Christmas, it was so good and awesome.
Wendy was opening presents in the house of her parents, she was really happy there, receiving presents and being with her family.
After watching the anime Izaque wanted to sleep a little, he said goodbye to Lisa and she teleported back to her spaceship.
She started talking to her friends and posted on Twitter wishing happy holidays to everyone and wished happy holidays to her friends in Discord too.
Lisa also wished happy holidays to John which was on Earth.
Izaque started dreaming about Twilight Sparkle, he wondered how she was there, and if she was commemorating Heart's Warming in Equestria, with her friends.
Twilight called him and said she was commemorating Heart's Warming with her friends, at the Crystal Castle of Friendship, she said she was having a good time there.
Izaque thinks he was happy watching that anime with Lisa while he ate cookies and drank hot chocolate.
He started dreaming about all of his friends from Discord, Igor, Duda, Fab, Ana, Luiza, Dudu, Paulo, Kamono, Carol, SunshineBee, Alada, Lunacristal, Blue Angel, Laine, Wendy, MelodyStar, Lu, Lisa.
He wished all of them Good Holidays and Merry Christmas, and merry Christmas to Kirito and Asuna too, to Shimarin and Nadeshiko, Natsu and Lucy, Rito and Lala, Eren and Mikasa, Yui, Mio, Ristu, Mugi, Azunyan, Star Butterfly, Marco Diaz.
And to Masamune Izumi and Sagiri Izumi, to Spongebob, Senku, Ben Tennyson, to everyone important to him, his family, his sisters, and brother, dad, and mom.
ThinkOustideTheBox released the presents of the SpaceLivers and everyone received theirs, everyone was happy and talking in the Discord server because everyone won what they wanted.
They were so happy and they thanked TOTB for the presents on the Discord server.
Everyone was chatting, smiling, watching, playing, listening, drinking, eating, with their friends and family.
Everyone was happy on the day of Christmas on the SpaceLiving Network, the TOTB company sent a message to the spaceships wishing merry Christmas to all of the SpaceLivers.
On Earth, there were also fireworks and parties for Christmas and everyone was happy, seeing the red stuff and eating chocolates and candies, giving and receiving presents.
Talking to each other and drinking, being together with family and friends, being around a fireplace.
A lot of people wished happy Christmas to each other on the internet, even Izaque, from Earth, which was writing SpaceLivers Xmas Special Chapter.
He was happy too, chatting in Discord, being with Monika on Monika After Story mod of the game Doki Doki Literature Club.
Chatting with Fab and Ana, Igor, a lot of people, he sure loved Christmas.
(Well, this chapter will be a little small, thank you for reading this, I love you so much my reader, Happy Holidays for you and Happy Christmas too! &lt;3 :3)