(The John in this chapter is the SpaceLiving version of John of my story called <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://diario.netlify.app/nazzevo%20%F0%9F%93%98/">The Story of the Nazzevo Brothers</a>, but he lives in a universe where the SpaceLiving SpaceShips Network exists.)
Still in the year 2019, there was the tale of a super innovative spaceship where you had a lot of things to do.
The company that made those spaceships was called ThinkOutsiteTheBox or TOTB.
The SpaceShips were called "LonelyShips" because you were lonely there, there was only you there.
There were a lot of people that lived in the LonelyShips, they created a community.
The residents of those SpaceShips created a lot of Discord servers to communicate and talk about being a LonelyShipper.
(Discord is a social network platform for gamers but non-gamers also use it.)
It was like a social movement or a digital movement, just like the bronies, furries and 4channers were some years ago.
These three movements are still active, but they are not as famous as before.
The LonelyShippers liked to be in the LonelyShipper movement, Lisa did not participate in that.
She was just her, spending her time at her computer, without a movement to stick to or a stereotype.

There was also a boy named John, he had 17 years old and was a LonelyShipper, he liked to play games on the Steam digital gaming platform.
A lot of games, he was very competitive at them and did not like to lose.
He was at his LonelyShip and did not know what time was on Earth, but he could choose what timezone his computer clock would have.
John only wanted to play games and was thinking about some things while being laid at his bed.
He thought: "Why I'm in this bed? I was really alone some years ago and wanted to stay away from the others.
Because they made me angry, I was suffering because of them... and they annoyed me too.
Also, I feel that I was someone in another place or an alternate universe.
Like I was some kind of hero or teacher of martial arts and I was teaching martial arts to some friends.
I feel like I was teaching two persons, Juju and Sizaque I guess.
I should stop thinking about that, maybe I'm too tired or something, I should get back to the computer."

Then John got out of his bed and turned the computer on, he opened Steam to play some games.
John also had a friend called Mark, John felt that they were friends on an alternate universe.
John opened Apex Legends to play, it was a new game that EA launched and was a Battle Royale game, John wanted to test it.
He played for a few minutes and liked it, John was very good at the game and had made many kills.
Then he closed the game and called his friend Mark on Discord to play some Overwatch.
They played a little while talking using the voice-call feature of Discord, Mark also lived in a LonelyShip.
After some time playing, John won some rounds and wanted to close the game.
He messaged Mark on Discord saying: "See you later man," Mark said the same.

John liked to read some stories on the Internet on a website called Wattpad, he wanted to write something too.
(Wattpad is a website for people to write and read stories, for authors to post their stories and gain readers.)
But he was not very good at it, he liked to read the stories of a girl named Lisa on Wattpad, she was a LonelyShipper too.
Lisa has published a lot of stories on Wattpad and other writing websites, she loved to write stories.
John was trying to learn more about writing and stories, he has written some drafts on his computer.
He wanted to talk to Lisa, to ask her for help on writing, John noticed that she wrote her Discord name and Discriminator in all of her stories.
The text said: "If you want help in writing or you like my stories and want to talk about them, just add me on Discord: Lisa#1321".
Then John added her on Discord, he already liked and commented on the chapters of Lisa's stories.
But he wanted to talk to her, to ask questions about writing and how to write better.
(Author: And what I'm doing right now? writing, inception.)

John sent a message to her saying: "Hi, how are you?
I'm John from Wattpad, I love your stories.
You wrote your Discord name and Discriminator on your stories, right?
You said people could ask for help in writing or talk about your stories.
Sorry for making so many questions, It's that I started writing some months ago, and was trying to get better at writing".

After some time John noticed that she was online, he got excited and waited for her to reply.
Lisa replied: "Hey, John, I know you from Wattpad ^^, you always comment and give me a lot of likes on my stories, thanks for loving them.
And thanks for commenting and liking them.
Yes, I did that, you can ask for help or talk with me about my stories :3
It's ok asking questions, I started some months ago too, can I see a piece of your work? Like... the story you're most proud of".

Them John replied: "Yes, I will send you the text file of it, ok?"
"Ok then," replied Lisa.
Then John sent a file named "The Return of the Beast.txt" of 4KB of size to Lisa.
After some time reading, Lisa started writing a message to John, she said:
"That was cool to read, the story was interesting, but the way you executed it, that was a little..."
John: "Bad?"
Lisa: "Not bad, but, was not... the way you express yourself, or the way you write.
Try to read more and learn more about how to use words, how to form phrases, I guess that's my tip for you, try to do that.
Try to read more and you'll find your own style, read stories that you think you'll like, and try to watch something, listen to some music.
Then get those feelings that you're feeling for that media or that song and try to get them out, by writing about it".

John: "Ok, I will try that, thanks for helping me Lisa, I was scared and excited to talk to you".
Lisa: "Why?"
John: "Cause I love your work, and thought you were an inaccessible or busy person".
Lisa: "If I were inaccessible why I would put my Discord name in my stories? also, I live in a LonelyShip, so I'm very accessible".
John: "Oh, that's cool, I live in one too, can I ask your age?"
Lisa: "Yes, I'm 16 years old, what about you?"
John: "I'm 17 years old and my name is John".
Lisa: "My name is Lisa, so, John, it was fun to talk with you, but I'm gonna write my story called 'The Oddities of Nature' right now, ok?"
John: "Ok, sorry to bother you".
Lisa: "You didn't bother me, also I want to read your stories when you get better ^^, please send them to me so I can read them and tell you what I think".
John: "It would be an honor to send you some of them ^^".
Lisa: "Hehe, okay, see you later, John :blush:".
John: "See you later, Lisa :blush:".

After that John minimized his Discord window and started searching how to write better and how to use words better.
He wanted to get better at writing to show Lisa his stories and was super excited to do that.
He learned a lot and was trying to write some drafts on his computer, trying to improve every day.
After some time writing he wrote something that he liked, John was tired, he yawned and relaxed back in the chair.
Then John turned off his computer and laid in his bed to sleep, John wanted to talk to Lisa again to show her his stories.
He slept, wanting to improve his writing more because he got inspired by someone, he had someone to help him.
John waited for a new day to come, where he would write more and more, listen to music, play games and eat delicious food.
He had a good dream, a really good dream.

(This chapter was really good to write on 17/11/2019 and to review on 23/07/2020, I liked to put John from my story <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://diario.netlify.app/nazzevo%20%F0%9F%93%98/">"The Story of the Nazzevo Brothers"</a> in the SpaceLiving Universe.
Even if Earth did not exist in the SpaceLiving Universe, I think they would be fine, they don't need Planet Earth.
They have self-sustainable SpaceShips where the energy, food, water, and electricity never ends, so why they would need Earth?
Tell me what you think about the story and this little bit here using the "Chapter Comment" button.
Thank you for reading, if you are my friend in Discord, Wattpad, Messenger, Twitter, SuperAnimes, Hangouts, please send me a message saying that I'm cute, oops, no.
A message saying that you read this part, thank yoooou ^^ :3)