Lisa was in her spaceship, writing her story called "The Oddities of Nature", she finished the current chapter and saved the text file.
After that, she reviewed and published that chapter of her story to Wattpad, after some minutes, the chapter had five views and two comments.
(Wattpad is a website for people to write and read stories, for authors to post their stories and gain readers.)
Lisa was happy about that, she liked to have a fanbase and to have people that liked to read what she writes.
Then Lisa opened the Netflix website to watch some series, she liked to watch a series called The Walking Dead.
(Netflix is a website and mobile app where you can watch series, movies, cartoons, and animes online, using a paid plan.)
Lisa was in the second episode of the seventh season, the girl liked the story and the characters, but she was a little scared to watch it sometimes.

The Discord program was open on her computer when she started watching the episode "The Walking Dead S07E03(86) 'The Cell'".
The details of what she was watching appeared on her Discord profile, as a status of the Discord program, showing the title and number of the episode.
She paused the video playback and got some popcorn and a Coca-cola can from out of her TPF fridge, she liked to eat popcorn while watching things.
Then she sat at her chair and put the video to play, Lisa ate while watching the episode.
A character from the survivor group of Rick Grimes was jailed in the cell of an enemy of the group, he had to stay there as a hostage.
Lisa was sad for him, she wanted to live there in the apocalypse, Lisa thought that it would be good and fun, but also dangerous.
She wanted to go there to save him, to kill people of the Negan group, the girl hated the Negan group, they killed people for no reason.
After forty minutes watching it while eating popcorn and drinking Coca-cola, the episode ended, it was registered on Lisa's Netflix account.

The girl looked at the window and saw the black emptiness of space, thinking that she can not see the sun or moon there, but she has the clock of her computer.
She knew that she could change her computer's clock to any time or timezone on Earth, but that would not reflect the actual time in there.
Because there is no way to keep track of time in the spaceship, there is no sun or moon to look at, people could not tell if it was day or night.
Lisa switched to the Discord window, she wanted to talk with her friends on Discord and changed her status to online, she noticed that John was online.
(Discord is a social network platform for gamers but non-gamers also use it.)
Lisa started to talk with him, she sent a message saying: "Hi John, did you got better in writing?"
After some time, John replied saying: "Yes, I searched on the Internet how to get better at writing, how to write better, and I wrote a draft today".
Then Lisa replied: "Oh, that's cool, can I see it?"
John said: "Yes, of course, I'll send the file to you, ok?"
Then Lisa replied: "Ok ^^".
John sent her a file named: "Bubbles and Cream.txt" with 5KB of size.
Lisa said: "I will read it, wait for a little ^^".

After some time reading, Lisa opened the Discord window again and replied saying:
"I think this is better than the other story you sent me, I mean... the way you wrote it, it is good.
The grammar is better too, I liked the story, I think the concept is interesting, you should publish it somewhere, like Wattpad.
I would be happy to read your story there ^^."

Then John read the whole message and replied saying:
"Oh, ok, I'm happy that you think that about my story, I tried to get better at writing just because I admire you and your work so much.
And I wanted to make you proud of me, so thanks for liking my story, I'm very happy because of that, and thanks for helping me get better at writing.
I will post it on Wattpad, thanks for the suggestion ^^."

Then Lisa replied saying:
"I'm happy that I could help and inspire you too, thanks for that.
I'm gonna make something else now, see you later, John ^^."

Then John replied: "See you later, Lisa ^^".

Lisa was so happy that she inspired John to get better at writing, which made her want to do more stories and to write more, to inspire people and make them happy.
She was looking at her DMs (direct messages) in Discord and looked at Anny's conversation with her, Anny also had Discord.
Lisa liked to talk with her, she wanted to play some games with Anny.
She sent a message to Anny saying: "Hey Anny, wanna play something?"
Then Anny replied: "Yes, what do you wanna play?"
Lisa said: "I don't know, maybe GTA 5, or Terraria if you want".
Anny said: "I would like to play both ^^".
Then Lisa and Anny entered a private server on Discord to go on a voice-call, Lisa called a Music Bot to the voice-call to listen to some music while playing with Anny.
Lisa and Anny played the game GTA 5 Online a little, they liked that game, it was very fun, they also played Terraria a little.
After some time playing, Lisa told Anny that she was going to do something else, they both said "See you later" to each other.

Lisa opened the Firefox browser and opened the Wattpad website, she started looking for some stories to read.
She received a notification telling her that the <a class="w3-text-white" href="https://diario.netlify.app/pequenata/">"Life of Littletato"</a> story received a new chapter, the chapter number eighteen.
The story was written by a user called "stake2".
Lisa liked that story, she liked to see the characters Littletato and Julia living their lives, she thought they were so cute together.
The girl loved to read the chapter, it was so much fun, she gave it a vote and commented on it saying what she thought of it.
Her comment was:
"Hey stake2 ^^, I loved the part where she opened Vegecord to talk with her friends :3
Vegecord is Discord, right?
I love it when you change the name of things to put 'vegetables' in the middle. xD
I also liked the fact that Littletato write stories too, that is so much fun, I love to write too ^^
'Vegiantart' xD
I loved this chapter ^^."

After some minutes, the author replied to her comment, saying:
"Hi ^^, thanks for voting on my story, and thanks for liking and commenting on it, I'm really happy to receive your feedback and your comments ^^.
Yes, Vegecord is equal to Discord xD
I love to do that xD, sometimes I come up with some very funny names, it is very cool xD
Some times I "self-insert" into her, like, I write Littletato like I would be, or how I would act, and sometimes my interests.
That's why she likes reading and writing stories, it's because I like ^^
Hehe, I'm happy to find someone that loves writing as much as me :3
uwu xD
I'm glad that you loved it ^^, thankies :3."

Lisa was happy to give feedback and to comment on the stories that she liked, she also liked to receive a happy and gentle response like stake2's.
She felt hungry and opened her TPF fridge, there was a packet of chocolate stuffed biscuit, a packet of Doritos, and a cup of Coca-cola inside it.
Lisa picked up all the things and placed them on top of her computer table, she opened the packet of chocolate biscuits and filled a plastic bowl with them.
She opened a movie on Netflix to watch, the movie was called "The Avengers: Infinite War".
The girl watched the movie while eating the biscuits, Doritos, and drinking the cup of Coca-cola.
She liked the movie, it was very fun, she was happy to see all the action, special effects, and heroes, she cheered for Iron Man.
Lisa added the movie to her list of watched movies, it was a text file inside her computer, where she registered all of her watched movies.

The girl had a friend that she met in Google+, the nickname of her friend on Discord was "Funkysnipa Cat".
(Google+ was a social network website created by Google in 2011, in an attempt to challenge other social networks, linking other Google products like Google Drive, Blogger and YouTube, it was closed in 2019 by Google.)
Funkysnipa Cat was the first to start the conversation on Discord when they met again.
He and Lisa were Brazilians and native speakers of the Brazilian Portuguese language.

Funkysnipa Cat said in Brazilian Portuguese: "Hi, you're that friend I had in Google+, right?"
Then Lisa replied saying: "Hi, yes, I'm that friend ^^, I'm glad that I found your Discord name and discriminator".
They talked a little and started to know each other again, they liked to talk about stories, series, video-games, and music, they had a lot in common.
Both Funky and Lisa loved to write stories, Lisa wanted to write a story together with Funky sometime.
The real name of Funky was Izaque, Lisa liked to be his friend, she was happy to have a gentle, caring, and interesting friend such as him.
After some time knowing about each other, Izaque discovered that Lisa lived inside a LonelyShip.
Izaque lived in the normal Planet Earth, he thought that it was an interesting fact about Lisa, the fact that she lives inside a spaceship.

At the beginning of the conversation, Izaque sent Lisa the link to his Wattpad profile, Lisa and Izaque talked about stories for a while.
They also played some games together some times.
The author of this story is Izaque or Funkysnipa Cat, but that is the SpaceLiving Universe version of Izaque.
Yes, that's it, I'm Izaque and I'm writing about Lisa, my dear friend, this is a weird thing to do, right? Well, maybe not, I asked for her permission.
Because a lot of stories do not talk directly with the reader, they tell a story to the reader.
But now I'm talking directly to you, and I include myself in my own story, is it common for authors to do this?
Please answer me if you know.
I think you're probably making a face like this right now: "O_O," now, going back to narrator style.
Lisa said to Izaque what she did on the days that she spent on that SpaceShip, so he could write the chapters of his story called "SpaceLiving".
Izaque loved to write that story (*wink*), it was a story about the SpaceShip that Lisa lived, and also about the SpaceShips Network called SpaceLiving Network.
Izaque analyzed the day of Lisa and wrote a story about that, then he sent the story text file to Lisa for her to check.
Lisa read the first chapter of the story, she liked it, Lisa gave Izaque permission to publish his story on Wattpad, and to send the story to his friends.
Lisa thought that she had a happy life, she wrote stories, had some good friends like Izaque and John to talk with.
She could eat delicious food using her TPF fridge.
The girl felt a little tired, she said goodbye to Izaque, telling him goodnight, thanking him for the talk, smiling happily while looking at the screen.
Lisa turned her computer off and laid on her bed, the spaceship's lights turned off and she could see the moon on her window.
The spaceship's temperature was very good, she covered herself with the blanket and slept, having good dreams.

(When I was reviewing this chapter, I was really happy, it was really good to review it and re-write it again, hehe.
I wrote this on 19/11/2019.
And reviewed it in 17/08/2020.)