There was a boy that lived in a LonelyShip too, his name was "Ted".
But his spaceship was different, it had a teletransporter.
He could go back to Earth when he wanted to.
To see his family, and to know about the news of the Earth.
He was a little famous in his city, being one of the only people who could leave their LonelyShips.
He liked his life, he was still a civilian on Earth, but he liked to live in his LonelyShip.
One day he was sat in his computer, eating some lasagna with coca-cola while watching a livestream of the Youtuber Cellbit.
Then after eating he got up and picked up a bottle of water, he placed the bottle on the table.
Ted then dragged the livestream window to his second screen, and opened Netflix on the Mozilla Firefox browser.
He took a look at the catalog, he didn't found anything that he was interested to watch.
Then he closed the browser and the livestream, and opened Steam to play some games, he started playing Terraria.
He played on a multi-player server, he played for a little and then closed the game.
Ted missed his family and the life in Earth, he turned off his computer and activated the teletransporter.
After waiting some time, the teletransporter was ready, he entered it and typed the id of Planet Earth.
He has been teleported to Earth, and appeared on the house of his parents.
His parents were eating, they noticed that Ted was there, they got up to hug Ted.
The parents of Ted said they missed him, and they cried a little together.
Then his parents said they were gonna go to the market.
The parents of Ted left the house and Ted said he was going to downtown.
Ted locked the house and got a backpack with somethings.
After walking a little Ted arrived at downtown, he wanted to see a friend of him.
That he talked with on the internet, he also had a smartphone on his LonelyShip.
His dad was called Pedro, his mom was called Jana.
Ted meet his friend 2 years ago.
His friend was a girl called Monika, he knew where she lived.
Ted sent a message to Monika through his smartphone saying that he was coming to her house.
Monika said she was happy about that, and that she was excited to see him again.
Then Ted started walking to her house, he arrived and knocked on the door.
Monika then opened the door and let Ted in.
Then Monika told Ted to feel at home.
Ted entered the house and sat on the couch.
Monika asked if he wanted some water, Ted replied positively.
Then Monika brought a glass of water.
Ted drank it and gave it back to Monika.
Monika then came back to the kitchen and placed the cup on the sink.
Monika came back to the living room and sat at the couch.
Ted was a little uncomfortable because of that.
He wasn't used to being so close to a person like that.
Then Monika asked how he was doing, Ted said he was doing great.
Monika said that she liked him, they both looked in the eyes of each other.
Ted was blushing a little and said that he liked Monika too.
Then Ted asked if Monika liked to live that way, in Earth.
Monika was a little uncomfortable about that question.
She took a while to reply.
Then Monika said she liked that, but she would like to live as a LonelyShipper.
Ted asked if she wanted to spend some time there.
Monika said she wanted, but she was afraid of letting her house alone.
Then Ted said that she could call someone trustworthy to take care of the house.
Monika said that that was a good idea, then she said that she was going to think about that for a while.
Ted said that was good to see her again, and that she was still beautiful.
Monika blushed a little and said "Thank you!".
Then Monika said that he was beautiful too.
Ted said "Thank you...".
Monika said: "Don't you want to stay for a coffee?".
Ted replied: "Oh, okay".
Then Monika got up and walked towards the kitchen, she started making coffee.
Ted sat at the chair and waited for Monika to prepare the coffee.
They talked a little and then the coffee was ready.
Monika and Ted sat at the table and Monika poured some coffee and milk for Ted.
Ted said: "Hmm... I wanna ask you something...".
Then Monika said: "What?".
Ted said: "A pretty girl like you must have a boyfriend right?".
Then Monika replied blushed and shy: "Oh... haha, thank you Ted but I don't have a boyfriend".
Ted said: "Oh... so... we already know each other a lot right?".
Monika said: "Y-yes... and I really like you...".
Ted said: "Me too...".
Monika got closer to Ted and said: "So... do you like me more than a friend?...".
Ted said: "What do you mean?...".
Monika said: "That... like... as a girlfriend?".
Ted was a little shy and said: "Uhh... maybe... like... do you want to be my girlfriend?".
Monika blushed and said: "Y-yes...".
Then Ted hugged Monika, Monika kissed Ted.
Monika said: "I want to go with you to your LonelyShip...".
Ted said: "You're sure about that?".
Monika said: "Yes!, I love you!".
Ted said: "I love you too honey, I'm happy that you want to live with me".
Monika said: "I'm happy too...".
Then Monika started packing up her things.
Monika gave her house to a relative and picked up the $30.000 dollars she had in a bank account.
Then Monika came to the house of Ted and they were prepared to teleport to the LonelyShip.
They teleported and got off the teletransporter. 
When Monika got off the teletransporter the spaceship began to shake a little and the tables and walls were moving and changing.
After sometime a new computer, PS4, bed, bathroom and fridge was there.
Monika placed her stuff on the floor and got closer to the bed, on the wall of the bed was some buttons.
She pushed a pink button and the bed, fridge, table and walls got painted pink.
Monika said: "This is awesome!", and hugged Ted.
Ted said: "Yes, it is!".
There was also a wardrobe there, Monika stored her things there.
She laid on her bed and said: "This spaceship is really cool".
Ted said: "Yea".
Monika was prepared to start a new life in that spaceship, doing a lot of things and being with her love.
Ted said: "This isn't a LonelyShip anymore, its a LovelyShip, haha".
Monika said: "Yea, lol".