(Canon Episode and Time in the Human Multiverse Bubble (HMB): Episode 9, Time 16:36)
"But I'm not your girlfriend?" asks her.
"Well..." says him.
"Didn't we match? It would be a test, but I would be your girlfriend!" says her, looking at him, getting closer, he gets a little away from her.
Then Izaque makes a serious face, he closes his eyes, then he places his left hand on the right shoulder of Ruka, "Ruka-chan..." says him.
"W-What?" asks her, surprised by his act, getting a little flushed, waiting for a reply.
He holds her waist with both of his arms, opens his eyes and looks at her, looking at her lips.
She grunts a little, looking at him, expectant, blushing.
Izaque brings her closer to him, with his hands on her back, bringing her faces closer.
"I love you," says him, smiling, in love with her.
He pulls her closer and gives a deep kiss on her mouth, feeling the softness of her lips, she gets really surprised.
He holds her tight, hugging her and feeling her body, her boobs touching him, feeling her mouth, with his eyes closed.
She closes her eyes too, feeling his mouth touch hers, enjoying the kiss and the hug, her heart was beating so fast, his too.
The boy felt the softness of her clothes, her lips, he started caressing her hair, feeling how soft it was.
Ruka was moaning a little, feeling the hug, he did not worried if Mizuhara or his grandmother appeared there and looked at them, he just wanted to kiss Ruka forever and feel her lips, cause she was the girl that he loved.
It felted like the moment lasted forever, like time was frozen.
Ruka was so happy, kissing him, holding him, having him all to her.
They stopped the kiss, Ruka looks at his eyes, in love, he looks at her eyes, in love too.
"I love you, Ruka," says him, looking deep in her eyes, smiling.
"I love you too, Izaque," says her, smiling at him, happy, and in love with him.
They broke up the hug.

"Hm... why did you kissed me, Izaque?
I thought you didn't loved me... I got really surprised..." said her, looking away from his eyes, avoiding eye contact, blushing.
"I love you Ruka... I did that because I thought that you were the right girl for me... I'll tell my grandma and Chizuru about you, I'll tell them that I love you and that you're my girlfriend," said Izaque, certain about what he was doing.
"B-But they will discover about what is happening... Your grandma loves Chizuru so much, she will be sad about that, she will cry Izaque..." said Ruka, looking at Izaque, sad.
"She won't... I'll stop talking with my grandma for one week, and then I'm gonna tell her that you're my girlfriend, I'm gonna tell that to Chizuru too," said Izaque, who then hugged Ruka tight, closing his eyes.
She grunted a little and blushed, then closed her eyes, returning the hug.
"B-But... Hm..." said her, enjoying the hug and becoming calmer, "Are you sure that this will work, Izaque?" asked her, curious, looking at Izaque from below, because she was a little smaller than him.
"Yes, I'm sure... can I call you my girlfriend, sweetie, honey, love, cutie, from now on?" asked Izaque, smiling and blushing a little, in love with her.
"H-Hm... Yes... You can, But... It's embarrassing!" said her, closing her eyes and hiding her face with her hands.
"Sorry honey... Oops, I said it, hehe," said Izaque, smiling and blushing, messing with her, then he gave her a quick kiss.
"Aah, it's embarrassing!... Hm... Honey..." said Ruka, blushing while looking at his eyes.
(Moo, hazukashidesu!)
"Yes sweetie?" asked Izaque.
She blushed more after hearing that and kissed his nose, "I love you," said her, then Ruka gave a quick kiss on Izaque.
"Hehe, I love you too honey..." said Izaque, hugging Ruka tight, smiling and closing his eyes, feeling the embrace of Ruka.
Then they both walked to the grandmother of Izaque, she was close to his parents and Mizuhara.
Ruka just acted like a friend of Mizuhara in front of the grandmother of Izaque.

After some hours, they finished the trip, Izaque walked back to his house, Ruka and Mizuhara did the same.
Izaque stopped talking with his grandmother for one week, she was worried about him and sent lots of text messages to him.
He also stopped talking with Mizuhara, and only talked with Ruka using his phone.