A story about a boy living in the desert.


The Army Soldier:
A man was holding his assault rifle, he was close to an army vehicle, he was in the desert, the sand was moving a little because of the wind.
Suddenly, his commandant speaks on his radio, telling him to go back to the base.
He gets on his vehicle and starts driving to there while leaving his assault rifle on the other seat of the vehicle.


The Futuristic City of Neglicity:
There was a futuristic city called Neglicity, it had high skyscrapers, blue lights, and neons, robots walking around the city.
Drones flying and delivering packages around the city, there were robot engineers, normal people, androids, and humanoid robots for company and romance.


The Sniper in the Enemy Base:
A sniper is in an enemy base, hidden, he is looking for enemies to kill, his sniper rifle has a suppressor on it.
He kills an enemy that is far away from the other enemies, then he shoots another one, and another one.
He is very good at killing, he imagines a song in his head while shooting, a Dubstep song with high energy and a little fast.
The sniper shoots at the enemies' heads very quickly and easily, he trained his entire life for that.
He is in the base of some criminals, they stole a package from the government and are storing it there.
His mission is to retrieve the package and eliminate all the criminals, he is working for the army.
After he kills everyone, he must send a radio message to an army group, they will bring a helicopter to collect the package.
He thinks that the package is a deadly weapon or a confidential message from one country to another.

The sniper aims his sniper rifle at an enemy there, killing it.
There is an enemy in a tower, he is looking to a far place, to the right of the sniper, he shoots that enemy on the tower and kills it.


The Haunted Factory:
A factory was built in 1973, it was built to be a factory of cars, but it is abandoned in current times.
Some people say that the factory is haunted, its machines are rusty, the factory has a dark atmosphere and tone to it as someone had died in there.
Some teens liked to go there just for fun, they did not believe that the factory was haunted, they have gone there with a camera.
They did not believe the tales of the factory being haunted, it was night.
The group started walking around the factory, there was Sarah, a blond girl that had fifteen years old, she was very scared, looking at the place.
There was James, a boy that had seventeen years old, he had brown hair and brown eyes, he was holding the camera, walking behind everyone.
There was also Ted, a nerd, he knew a lot of things about mysteries, ghosts, horror stories, tales, paranormal stuff, everything about that.
He was the head of the group, he walked in the front of everyone, Ted had sixteen years old, he had blond hair and blue eyes, Ted used glasses.
There was Livia, a girl with brown hair, she was just following her brother, James, to make sure that he is not in danger.
She had brown eyes, a brown skin, and had eighteen years old, she did not believe in the myths and tales of the factory, she was at the left of Ted, behind him.
Sarah was at the right of James, James was at the right of Ted, and Livia was at the left of Ted.
[Channel the fifth character to discover who it is.]

The group searched more and more, deeper and deeper into the factory to search for that person.
They discovered that the factory had a machine or portal hidden inside it, looks like it could teleport one to another dimension.
The machine was disabled, maybe because electricity was gone, the teens were curious about how it worked, they wanted to test it.
Maybe something bad happened while testing that machine and they "deactivated" the place, abandoning it.
They did not know how to turn the electricity on again, there were tracks of recently torn clothes and footsteps close to the machine or portal.
The group thought that their friend stepped through the portal, and the portal was turned on before they arrived there.


Scanning drone that tried to remove its monitoring device:
A scan droid (drone) that scans things, like a robot, its life is to scan things, it works scanning people, plants, trees, animals.
It sends its data to the government, so they can know about everything.
It knows that it can remove the chip that sends the data to the government, but it never tried to do that.
To get out of the government's hands, and to remove the control they have over it.


Guns in the world of guns, they slept, ate, drank:
A story of a gun in the world of guns, she was an AK-47, a very famous gun.
In the world of guns, the guns worked at normal jobs, they slept, ate, drank, they shot at firing ranges to train their aim.
They shot at other guns at wars and fights, in the army, they also were friends with grenades, missiles, knives, swords.


The Eatable Crystals, Cookies, Spaghetti, Chocolate Ice, Alien Milk with Radiation, green cows, anti-gravity coffee, and Land Food:
Something about eating crystals for dinner, breaking them with pickaxes to get their elements.
A land of cookies that grow from the ground like a plague.
There are pink grass and trees of ice.
A place where spaghetti grew from the grow.
A place where chocolate ice rained from the sky.
A place where people collected alien milk with radiation from inside the ground, using extraction bombs.

Some green cows liked to drink it, some of them became sick because of it, it was called the "Great Plague of the Alien Milk".
Which killed a lot of animals.

A place where people drank anti-gravity coffee, that made you anti-gravitational after drinking it.


No Man's Sky Feelings:
I was in the No Man's Sky world, playing it, feeling it like real life.
Feeling the sensation of the multi-tool and the spaceship's controls with my hand.
Feeling the air, the land, terrain, dirt, ice, sky, wind, everything.
It was like No Man's Sky had become my real life.
It was so good to use the multi-tool, look at the aliens, to fly in the spaceship.
Discover planets, go to the space station, collect resources, build technologies.
It was raining a little at the planet I was in, not acid, toxic, or radiation rain, a normal rain.
It was a little cold on that planet, it was good to be there, to feel the rain, to experience it.
I loved to spend my time on that planet, it was like my home, the best planet.


The greenfield with heavy wind, grass, trees, and a loved one along with me/you:
A greenfield, with heavy wind, shaking all the trees, the grass, no sun, just some clouds, no rain.
The feeling of the wind, the grass, the trees, the beautiful grass, and the terrain, the field.
It is very good, lay down on the grass to feel it, to sleep on it while feeling the wind, it is so relaxing and good to sleep.
There is someone there by your side, it is a girl, she loves you, and you love her, you love to be by her side.
She hugs you, you hug her back, you kiss her lips, smiling, you spent your entire life with her.
You love her so much, you just can not stop thinking about her, even if she is not there.
You hug her tight, you are both laid down on the grass, feeling it, and feeling the wind, you sleep together with her, having good dreams.
You dream with her, the dream walks through every memory that you have with her, reminding you of all of those good moments you spent with her.
You love her so much, she is the perfect person to you, she is your soul mate, words can not do justice to how you love her.