"And I always listen to some battle music to give me some hope", says Nyson with a thoughtful face.

"Me too.", says Eddy while looking at the desert.

Then they came back to the cave of John.

Nyson said they have to continue, to protect the planet.

And then he called everyone.

Everyone prepared to go, then they were all on the entrance of the cave.

"I don't know if we'll come back, so pick this device, it is for us to talk when we are far away from each other", says Nyson with a sad face.

"Goodbye my friends", says John looking at each one of the crew of Nyson

Everyone say goodbye back to John.

And they start to walk.

They think of a plan, of what to do, they have that blue device.

They already lost a lot of crew, a lot of men.

They have a song module in their hologram system, they play a song called "This is for the fallen".

They listen to the song while walking, after some time they arrive at an alien base.

The base was a square buried with dirt, an opening for a large space ship, and there was some kind of stair in the left of the spaceship entrance.

Nyson say for the crew to proceed with caution.

They lower the volume of the song while still remembering those who are gone.

They activate the alien disguise and get closer to the two aliens that are defending the stairs.

The two aliens had a laser weapon.

Nyson say that they want to talk to the boss of the aliens.

Then a blue alien asks who they are and why they look the same.

Nyson tries to make up a name in time.

"I'm Greg and these guys are my family, that's why we look like the same", says Nyson with a weak voice.

"Hm... I'm Paulo, where do you guys came from?", says Paulo the blue alien.

"We came from the base of the north", says Nyson pointing to the base where they killed aliens to get a disguise.

"So what do you guys want here?, maybe my boss know your boss, so we can make a deal, but if not, then you guys have to leave", says Paulo with a suspicious look.

"We want to talk with your boss, please talk to him, we were running away from our base because it was destroyed by some humans", says Nyson with a confidence in his voice.

"So we need help, maybe if your boss accepts then we can make a deal", says Eddy.

"Oh, ok then, we will talk to him, wait a little", says Paulo.

Paulo then puts his hand on his earphone to talk to other alien that was probably inside the bunker.

"Leave your guns in this box and come with me, Rafael can you take care of the entrance while I am gone?", says Paulo while pointing to the box then looking at Rafael.

"Okay, have caution with these four", says Rafael while looking to the crew of Nyson.

The crew of Nyson put their laser guns on the box and start walking behind Paulo.

When they reach inside Paulo stops at a door.

"It's here that my boss is, I don't trust in you or your team, so don't try anything stupid", says Paulo while looking at Nyson with an angry face.

The door opens, the crew sees an old looking alien seated at a chair while looking at some holograms.

Nyson enters the room and sits at a chair that was on the opposite side of the chair of the boss.

"So I wanted to talk with you, boss of these aliens, my base was destroyed by some aliens, you need to help us", says Nyson with a sad look on his face.

"I'm Carlos by the way, I will help you guys, what do you want?, food?, guns?", says Carlos the alien boss.

"We want a base, a place to call our home, we want food, guns and we want to survive", says Nyson with a proud face.

"We want to live here, to work here, we will clean things and help with the work to live here", says Eddy that was at the door.

"Ok, I will let you guys live here if you work and clean the base", says Carlos.

Then they work there, they clean, they go on search for food with other aliens, and get to missions too.

They acquire a lot of information about the aliens and what they are doing, what are their plans.

They can use spaceships too, to go search for food and weapons.

One day they go out to search for food, the whole crew.

Nyson says that they must go back to the base where they were contracted to fight at the war.

They get close to the human base and Nyson lands the spaceship a little far from the base.

The crew get of the spaceship and start walking to the entrance of the base.

Three soldiers that were protecting the entrance aim their guns at the crew of Nyson and shouts them to stop.

The crew of Nyson deactivates the disguises and Nyson says that it's them.

One guy that was defending lower his gun and gets surprised.

He runs to hug Nyson.

"What the fuck Nyson, you're alive", says a soldier while hugging Nyson.

The soldier then stops hugging Nyson and take some steps back.

"Our new chief was worried about you", says the soldier that hugged Nyson.

"What?, new chief?, and who is you?", says Nyson while looking with an angry face at the soldier.

"You don't remember me?, I'm Pedro from the army practice", says Pedro.

"Oh it's you, so... we can come inside?, I want to talk to this new chief", says Nyson.

"Sure, come in", says Pedro.

Then the crew come in, they put their guns at the gun box.

Nyson then enters the chief room.

"Oh I was waiting for you Nyson, I'm Jessica by the way, everyone was sad when they knew that the last chief died", says Jessica, the chief.

"So, how the base is going with you in charge?", says Nyson with a look of curiosity in his face.

"I think the base is doing great, we attacked some aliens, got some food and some weapons", says Jessica.

"And I want to ask something Nyson, what exactly happened in that battle, you know... when the last chief died", says Jessica with a weak voice.

Nyson starts explaining:
"First me and my team attacked a base of aliens and got a tech, a blue shining cube, then me and my team came back to this base,
And then I showed the tech to the last chief, then I explained to him how the tech works,
We came to an alien base to test the tech, the tech was in the helicopter, they hid behind a mountain,
Then two aliens shot the helicopter, the chief and pilot died, I got the tech from the helicopter and we retreated".

"I'm sorry for you, it must have been difficult,
But the good thing is that you and your team is here, good, health, and we have the tech", says Jessica.

"Think about what could happen if this tech were to fall into the wrong hands", says Jessica.

"Yeah, that makes sense", says Nyson.

"So let's rest, eat and sleep", says Jessica.

Then they sleep, eat and rest for a few days.

They think about what to do or where to use that tech, they try to gather food, weapons, holograms and grenades to win the war.

They also have an holographic television with an encrypted connection, where they can see the news of the war.

They see that in Mars they are creating bases in the underground, and it's a good place to go.

But it's hard to get there, you can't use the spaceship of a base to go to another planet.

And it's hard to have a spaceship with an invisibility technology that can't be detected by an advanced radar of the aliens.

But still a lot of humans are going there, they are tired of fighting and knowing that they can die everyday.

And there is people that still fight, to win earth again, to take back what belongs to humanity.

The new chief of the base that Nyson lives says she thinks it would be best if all human bases were united and did not fight their own war.

And it's hard to know if all the aliens got killed, it's hard to know the percentage of aliens in earth.

Because the connections must be encrypted, if not then an alien will detect it and go to the human base that sent it.

They listen to battle music that they have in their holograms, to help fight.

