Disclaimer:
This is a work of fiction.
The name and the character called "Izaque" are based on the author, the rest of the things are purely products of the author's imagination.

Warning:
This story features diseases, blood, violence, death, and description of suicide, if you are sensitive to these things, please stop reading right now.

This is the first chapter or story of a collection of stories called "Izaque Multiverse".
"Izaque Multiverse" features a lot of stories where the main character is me (Izaque).
The scenario is a parallel universe where I exist and do different things than this universe that you and I are living right now.
Me, the person who is writing this story right now, is living in the year 2020, on the planet called "Planet Earth".
I am gonna call myself the "Earth Izaque", just wanna let you know that.
I live in the 21st century, where humans have mobile phones, computers, A.I. is rising, technology is too.
So, just to clarify, this collection talks about a multi-verse, a "place" where a lot of different universes coexist.
If you wanna know more about the theory of the multi-verse, watch this video: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVvcOQk6G0Q">Multi-verse Theory, Explained</a>.

Now, about this story, I was watching a cartoon that I like a lot, it talks about science, multiverses, and stuff.
It is called <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_and_Morty">Rick and Morty</a>.
I was watching the episode 6 (six) of the season 1 (one), the episode was called <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rick_Potion_No._9">"Rick Potion #9"</a>.
Rick and Morty S01E06(6) "Rick Potion #9".
And I got inspired by it, in the episode... (spoilers ahead, have caution if you did not watch Rick and Morty to the episode 6 of the first season)
So this is a Rick and Morty inspired story.

The main character called Morty, that is a teenage boy, likes a girl in his school called Jessica.
He is going to a prom or a dance party, Morty goes to the garage where Rick, the scientist of the show, makes his science.
Rick is building a machine and asks Morty to grab a screwdriver for him on the shelf.
Morty refuses to get the screwdriver and says that he always helps Rick in his things, but never gets helped by him.
Then he asks for Rick to make a love potion for him, to make Jessica fall in love with him.
But this potion should not be used in people that have the flu or influenza, because the love effect will be spread to everyone, and everyone will love Morty.
And the love effect is spread through the entire Earth.
Rick and Morty try to fix this, Rick makes a cure for the effect by adding praying mantis DNA to a bottle and spreading the gas version of it through Earth along with a more contagious version of the flu (so it replaces the old flu).
But the cure goes wrong and the people on Earth become monsters, they become humanoid versions of the praying mantis insect.
Rick tries to "fix" this by basically traveling to another universe where the alternate Rick and Morty fixed the monster problem and died after that, by an explosion of the machine that Rick was creating, and asked Morty to grab the screwdriver.
So the duo has to bury the corpses of the alternative versions of themselves and live their life as if nothing happened.
Morty even says to his sister in another episode that he has to have breakfast close to his dead body every morning.

They screwed a whole universe, or rather, just the Planet Earth of that universe.
And to "fix" that, they traveled to another universe where they fixed the problem and died.
This was so sad to watch, the song at the ending was sad too, I would live very bad if I was in the body of Morty.
He was very shocked, that part of the episode was being shown in slow motion, I was shocked too.
They are intruders there, even if they are the same persons, they took the place of their alternate selves.

So this had me thinking... that I wanted to feel that, I know that it is weird, living in the place of another version of you because it died.
But I wanted to feel like that... I wanted to feel that I destroyed the Planet Earth of my home universe.
And I had to travel to another universe where I did not make that, and live inside that universe in the place of another me, replacing another version of me.

So... this is the reason why I am writing this, and this is the reason why I created this website, this story, and this collection of stories.
This is why I am creating this, to feel like Morty felt in episode 6 of season 1 of Rick and Morty because I would like to feel like that.
This is nothing but a way for me to feel things that I want, and as a bonus, I can show you how different versions of me would act in other universes.
Because if I wrote this story with a character named "Ana", replacing another version of herself, I would not feel like her, because I am <i>not</i> her.

I am Izaque (stake2), I am the author of this story, my name is "Earth Izaque", and I am seeing the Izaque of another universe on the Izaque Multiverse.
The name of the main character of this story is called "The Forgotten Universe Izaque", or for short: "TFU Izaque".
And that name is because, Rick and Morty probably forgot about that universe where they transformed everyone into monsters, but when they looked at their buried corpses, they were reminded of that universe.

So me too, the TFU Izaque probably forgot about the universe that he destroyed by doing (spoilers here), but something reminded him of that universe.
And he has to live with that guilt for the rest of his life, just like Rick and Morty.
That is a feeling so... weird... and I would like to feel that, so this story was created.

This story was created because I watched an episode of Rick and Morty.
I watched a video on YouTube where the YouTuber called Gaveta talks about multi-verses and parallel universes.
He talks about Rick and Morty and talks about the guilt that Rick and Morty have to live with.
And was that specific thing, that specific episode that made me watch the show, just because of the feelings that it made me feel when I watched the video.
Here is the link of that video, it is in the Brazilian Portuguese language, and I do not know if it has English subtitles, so, sorry.
The name of the video is: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVweNvCtt0I">The best PARALLEL UNIVERSES of fiction | GAVETA (Translated from the original title)</a>.
I am the Earth Izaque or the Writer Izaque, and the main character of this story, the one that tells the story to you, is the "The Forgotten Universe Izaque" or for short: "TFU Izaque".
Enjoy the story, it begins after the "---".

---

Story:
Izaque Multiverse - The Forgotten Universe, Single Chapter

Collection:
Izaque Multiverse

Type:
One-shot, single chapter

Genre:
Science Fiction (Sci-fi), casual, slice of life, parallel universe

Words:
[]

My name is Izaque, I was living a normal life at the house of my parents, my dog was laid in the dark red carpet and I was watching television in the living room while sitting on my couch.
I lived with my parents and my sister, my father was called John, my mother was called Mary, and my sister was called Luiza.
My parents were out, working at their jobs, and my sister was locked in her room, probably addicted to her phone.
Grabbing the controller, I switched to another channel and looked at my dog, it was called Ted.

...

Sometimes, I liked to do some science things, I had finished creating a portal gun that allowed me to travel to alternate universes.
One day, I thought about creating a bacteria that could only affect my DNA and my body.
A bacteria that could make me stronger and smarter.
I grabbed my microscope and began working on it, mixing DNAs and different organic bodies.

After some time working on the bacteria, I finished it and called it "The bacteria of strength and wisdom" or "C-356".
I walked to my room where the bacteria was, it was stored inside a glass tube.
Then I wanted to test the bacteria in my dog, Ted, to see if something bad would happen to it.
So I injected a modified version of the bacteria to align with the DNA of Ted.

Nothing too serious happened to it after two days, Ted was a little stronger and some of its bones were thicker, but nothing major.
So I decided to use it on me, I filled a sterilized syringe with the bacteria and injected it in myself.
After using it, I did not felt anything different, I continued living my life normally.
But after some days, I started to feel stronger and felt that my muscles were bigger.
I felt that I could think about things quicker than before, and could do mathematical equations very quickly with my brain.

After three days, I was even stronger and smarter.
I was going out of my house a lot, having contact with a lot of people, buying some things for the house of my parents.
They had given me some money and I bought some snacks and Coca-cola cans at the supermarket.
Then I arrived home and sat on the couch, after that, I turned on the television and started watching some channels.
Ted, my dog, was laid in the carpet again, in the same way, that it was before, but a little stronger.
My sister, Luiza, was in the kitchen, getting a can of Coca-cola for herself.
She asked if I wanted one, I said sure, so she smiled and threw one can at me, and I picked it up.
After that, Luiza started walking back to her room, she probably was going to watch some television or use her phone to go on social media.
I think she is a great sister, she helped me a lot of times, through my depression, and through the darkest times of my life, she was always there, no matter what.
So I am very grateful to her for that, she is such a caring sister, I am happy to be her brother.
After stopping wandering in my thoughts about my sister, I start to switch through the television channels randomly until a channel got my attention.
There was a female reporter on the screen, she was talking about people that were becoming monsters in the streets monsters full of blood and goop, acting like zombies.
The scientists collected some DNA and blood samples, they concluded that a mutated and genetically modified bacteria were inside the body of the monsters.
They said it was a new disease that was quickly spreading through Earth, and they named it "C-356".
And they thought that someone created that bacteria to use as a bio-weapon, like a bio-terrorist.

Me, the person who created that bacteria, was shocked, I did not know that it would spread to other people.
I only created it to work while combined with my DNA, I do not know how that happened.
Then I walked outside and saw the monsters outside, I thought they were zombies, I think the bacteria mutated very quickly and began giving that behavior to its hosts.
They were walking closer to me to eat me, I ran inside my house and grabbed a machete, then walked outside, killing some of them.
I ran inside my house again, to protect myself, I barricaded the door with wood planks and nails, using a hammer.

After that, I turned the television on and looked at the news, the camera was showing the company where my parents worked.
I saw my dad trying to get out of there, he was killed by one of the monsters, they ate him, piece by piece, I began to cry and fell on my knees.
Then I saw my mom trying to get out too, I swore that I was going to kill every one of those monsters, I was very angry.

My sister, Luiza, had a television inside her bedroom, I think she was watching the news.
I walked upstairs to see if she was good up there, I heard the sound of the television, then I knocked on her door.
She did not reply, I noticed that the door was not locked and opened it, what I saw after that, took my breath away, it shocked me to death.
It was my sister, with a rope around her neck, her face and neck were very purple.
Luiza was hanging by the rope and swinging a little, looking at the television.
In it there was the recording of my parents being eaten by the monsters playing, Luiza must have seen the recording of our parents and killed herself.
I fell to my knees and began crying once again, my sister had committed suicide after she saw my parents being eaten.
That was a lot to digest, I could not help but cry a lot, I could not take the pain.
After that, I cut the rope and buried her body at the backyard, then I cleaned the blood that was in her room.
I locked her room and stored the key in a hidden place, so I do not have to remember what happened there.
Then I walked to my room, I noticed that my dog was missing, I am afraid that it ran through the open door.
I ran outside and looked for it, but I could not find it, I lost my parents, my sister, and now my dog.

...    

I spent two months living there with the rest of the food that I had, living locked inside my own house.
After this time had passed, I opened my door and walked outside with a machete to defend myself.
A lot of zombies and human corpses were laid on the ground, I saw a car that was close to my house, and wondered if it was still working.
My dad had taught me driving skills before this happened, so I entered the car, put on the seat belt, and tried to turn it on by turning the key.
To my surprise, it worked, the car was still functioning and still had some gas on the tank, so I started driving around the city.
There was no one out there, no human, no TV, radio or Internet signal was active, not even electricity.
I drove and drove and found no one, I think everyone died because of the virus.
After driving a little far, I stopped the car by a city, then I walked inside a store to grab some food.
When I got out of the store, I saw a newspaper flying because of the wind, it got my attention.
The newspaper floated a little and fell on the ground, so I walked close to it and crouched, then I started reading it.
It looks like the newspaper was made two months ago, it said that the C-356 virus had begun killing its hosts, and said that the likely creator of the virus was an Izaque.
That is why everyone is dead, everyone but me because the "virus" was made for my DNA.

And now I walk on a lonely world, an empty city, "What I am gonna do now?" I ask myself.
I take a deep breath, close my eyes, and open them again, then I think of a song that I listened to some months ago and begin to sing it.
"I walk a lonely road,
The only one that I have ever known,
Don't know where it goes,
But it's home to me and I walk alone," I sing.
It makes me feel better, singing that song, knowing that I am alone.
I grab some food and put it inside the car, then begin to drive back home.

When I arrive home, I park the car at the front of the closed garage door.
After that, I grab the food bags from the store and lock the car, then I get inside my house.
Then I remember that I had a portal gun, a gun that gives me the ability to create portals between universes.
I leave the two bags of food on top of the kitchen table and go to my garage.
Walking inside my garage, I grab the gun and begin to think if an alternate universe where I did not create the C-356 bacteria existed.
So I start to do the maths and calculate the probability of that universe existing.
The conclusion I have is that it is possible, so I aim the portal gun to where is the garage door and shoot the portal.
A green portal appears in front of me, I walk outside and open the door of the car with the key.
Then I grab my machete and store it on my back, after that, I get inside again and lock the front door of the house.
I go to the garage and close its door, then I cross the portal.

After crossing the portal, I arrive at another universe just like my own before the catastrophe that I created by making that bacteria called C-356.
I am alone at the garage of my house, all of my things are there, and there is another portal gun on top of the table.
That means that there is another Izaque in this universe, I have to find him, or wait for him to come to the garage.
I sit on the floor of the garage and wait for the Izaque of this universe to come to the garage.
While being sat in there, I feel a desire to go out there and hug my parents and my sister, I miss them so much, I feel sad to think about what happened to my sister, but I know they are not my family from my universe.

Finally, the Izaque of this universe opens the door of the garage that leads to the hallway of the house.
He gets scared and says: "Another Izaque here? so my theory was right... the multiverse exists."
"What are you doing here?" asked him.
"I created a bacteria called C-356, I aligned it with DNA and injected it into myself, after some days, it made me stronger and smarter.
But I was also having contact with a lot of people at that time, and I didn't know that the bacteria could get into people that don't have my DNA.
So I contaminated the whole planet just like the Coronavirus or COVID-19 virus that is spread through the Earth of the dimension C-137.
And after two months, everyone died from the bacteria that I created, even my mom, my dad, my sister... Luiza... she... she had... ugh..." I replied.
"She what?... I bet something bad happened to her... sorry, I should've not asked that..." said him with a sad look on his face, "So... you fucked your whole universe and you traveled to here because you thought that here everything was right and safe?" asked him.
"Yes, that's exactly what I thought, how did you know?" I asked.
"Well, I'm an Izaque too, I should know, hehe," replied him while smiling.

"Haha, so, what should I do now, Izaque? should I go back to my broken universe? can you help me please?" I asked with a sad voice.
"Of course I can help you, an Izaque always helps another Izaque, but you can't be seen by my parents or my sister, they wouldn't understand," replied him.
"So... maybe you could like... replace me sometimes? or maybe you could find another universe that you didn't create the bacteria or one that you created it and fixed it and... you died after that?... no, that doesn't sound good, sorry," said him.
"It's okay man," I say as I get up and place my hand on his shoulder, "I'm an Izaque, I always find a way out," I said.

"Or... maybe I could explain this to my parents and my sister, and they would understand, and let you stay here, what do you think, Mr. Izaque?" asked him.
"I think it is a good idea, Normal Earth Izaque, we should try that because we are Izaques! and what we do?" I shout as I look deep into his eyes, closing my fist.
"We never give up! we are strong and united!" replies him, closing his fist too.
"Yea!" I shout.
"Okay, let's go then," says him, adjusting his posture and opening his fist.

"So, before we go, we need a way to identify ourselves, okay? like, if my parents see two versions of me, they wouldn't know who is the Izaque of this universe right?" asks him.
"Yeah, so what should we do?" I ask.
"We should mark ourselves," he says that and then grabs a red marker, he writes C-356 on my forehead and C-137 on his, then continues, "This way they will know who is who, probably," says him, looking to be a little unsure, then he gives me a mirror.
I look into the mirror and I see that "C-356" is written in my forehead, great, now I get named after the disease that I created, the disease that destroyed my whole universe, or rather, my whole Earth.
After that, I leave the mirror on the ground and we both get out of the door that leads to the hallway of the house.

His sister, Luiza, which was also my sister, but from another universe, was sat on the couch of the living room, looking at the television while hugging her legs.
We both walk to the living room and get in front of the TV.
"What the fuck is this Izaque?!" asks her, very shocked while looking at both of us.
"Luiza, calm down, this is another version of me from another universe, he created a bacteria in his universe that contaminated the whole planet, and everyone died, even... you... so, he teleported to here because he didn't want to live there anymore..." replies the Izaque of this universe, the one with C-137 written on his forehead.
"But... you... the one with C-137 written on the forehead, is the Izaque from this universe, right?" she asks, curious.
"Yes, I'm the Izaque from this universe, and he, the one with C-356 written on his forehead, is the Izaque from another universe," says him as he points at me.
"Oh, so... you lost dad and mom, and... me from another universe?" asks her as she looks at me with a sad look on her face.
"Yes..." I say as I get close to the couch and sit beside her, the other Izaque also sits on the couch, I continue to speak, "I lost my parents and you because I created a bacteria to make me stronger and smarter, it contaminated the whole Earth and everyone died... I don't wanna live there anymore..."
"Oh, Izaque... I'm so sorry for you, poor little one," says her as she hugs me tight and caresses my hair.
"Thanks, sis..." I reply with a sad voice and my eyes close.
"You can live here with us okay?" says her, looking at my eyes.
"Okay, thanks," I say, looking at her.
Then C-137 Izaque or Normal Earth Izaque says: "And we can do a lot of Izaque things together!"
"Yeah!" I reply with confidence.
"Like staying on the computer till six AM?" asks her in a sarcastic tone.
"Uh... nope, we don't do that," replies the other Izaque, that giggles a little.
"Oh, sure... I believe in you," says her sarcastically, not believing what the other Izaque said.

I'm gonna call the other Izaque by the name of NE (Normal Earth) Izaque now, and me as me.
"So, what you wanna do right now, Izaque?" asks NE Izaque.
"I wanna... use the computer!" I reply.
"That's a fantastic idea man! I love to do that," replies him.
"Oh? as if you didn't do that every day," says Luiza.
"So, let's go to my room, Izaque," says him while looking at me.

We both go to his room and I see his computer, it is the same as mine.
"Are you dating Xena in this universe?" I ask.
"Yes, she is very cute, I love her so much, I even made an edited video on Sony Vegas for her, and also a website in PHP," replies him.
"Oh, can I see it?" I ask him.
"Of course," says NE Izaque.
Then he goes close to his computer and sits on the chair, he presses the gray button on the computer case and turns the computer on.
The Windows 7 login screen appears and he clicks on the user with a picture where Stake2 is written and types the password.

After that, the Windows open and he clicks on the Sony Vegas shortcut that is on the desktop.
"Do you still have 2GB of RAM on your computer? man, I suffer a lot because of that," I say with a sad voice.
"Yeah man, that sucks, It lags a lot and I have to pick up the RAM of my parents' computer, they always tell me to give the memory back when my mom wants to use her computer," replies him.
The video editing program called Sony Vegas opens and he opens the .veg project for that video.
NE Izaque plays the video for me to watch, I think it is really good, the idea behind it is so cool, and I am happy that he is happy with his girlfriend.
"That's really cool man, I love it," I say to him while watching it.
"Oh, thanks Izaque," I'm glad you appreciate it.
"No problem," I reply.
"Do you wanna play a game that I installed recently? it's called Bully from Rockstar Games, Manuh asked me to find its download link, and then I decided to download it too," said him.
"Of course man," I replied while smiling.
The game was created by Rockstar Games, the same company that created the Grand Theft Auto franchise, the game is like a GTA but set in a school.

Then he opens the game and selects the story choice on the main menu, the game loads, and the main character of the game, Jimmy Hopkins, appears on the screen.
Jimmy is standing up on his room, waiting for the player to control him, NE Izaque gets off the chair and sits on his bed.
I sit on the chair and start playing the game, I get out of the boys' dorm and use the skateboard to get to a mission on the game.
The mission is called "To you Ms. Phillips", I have to help a teacher in the game, she is going on a date with another teacher.
I get some of her items and return them to her.
Normal Earth Izaque is looking at the game, he tells me to pick up the scooter on the garage to get to the other mission that is on the observatory of the nerds.

His mother, Mary, gets inside the room holding a cup of orange juice and a plate of cookies.
Mary gets shocked when she sees both of us, I pause the game, we still had those names on our foreheads.
"Calm down mom, he is just a version of me from another universe, he created a disease that killed everyone on Earth, then he teleported to here because he thought here everything was safe," replies the Izaque of this universe.
"So who is the Izaque from this universe?" asks her.
"It's me, the one with C-137 written on its forehead," replies him.
"Oh, so he doesn't have a mother right?..." Mary asks with a sad look on her face, then she leaves the plate with cookies and the juice on top of the table.
She gets back to where she was and looks at Normal Earth Izaque.
"Yeah..." he replies.
"Come here Izaque..." she says looking at me.

I get up and walk close to her, not knowing what she wants.
She hugs me tight and caresses my hair, "You must have been so sad, I'm so sorry for you Izaque," says her.
Then Mary lets me go and looks at me.
"I'll bring a cup of juice for you, okay Izaque?" she says.
"Okay, thanks, mother of the Normal Earth Izaque," I reply.
"Oh, please, call me mom, Izaque, you can live here if you want," says her, then Mary leaves the room.
"Your family... my family... our family is so gentle Izaque, our sister, our mom, they're all good people," I say to Normal Earth Izaque.
"Yes, I love them so much, I love Luiza, even if she scolds me all the time, I know she's just taking care of me.
And when you said 'Good people' I remembered a part of a song of Twenty One Pilots that a guy sang in a cover video, his channel got taken down by YouTube, I don't know why, but I downloaded the video from the web archive," he says.
"Oh, I remember that video, I saved it in the computer of my parents' because they have a larger Hard Drive than me, I love that video, I like his voice," I reply to him.
"Me too man, he's pretty cool," he says, then he looks at the computer screen then back at me and asks, "So... do you wanna keep playing Bully?"

"Yes," I reply, then I walk close to the computer and sit on the chair, I start playing Bully again.
He tells me to pick up a cookie if I want, he says, "Mi casa és su casa".
I grab a cookie and start eating it while playing a mission of the nerds.
Mary brings a cup of juice for me and I drink it a little, then keep playing again.
I finish the mission of the nerds and go back to the boys' dorm to save the game, then it is night in the game, I sleep on the bed of Jimmy's room and save the game again.
"Do you wanna... I don't know, maybe watch some videos on YouTube?" I ask while looking at him, after that, I grab a cookie and eat it.
"Oh, okay then," he says, grabbing a cookie too, and drinking some juice.

I close the game and open the Mozilla Firefox browser, I open up YouTube and I see that the logged-in account is called "Stake2".
Then I look through the recommendations searching for an interesting video to watch.
I see a video called <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVtGziixO60">"NGHTMRE & Subtronics - Nuclear Bass Face (feat. Boogie T)"</a> from the channel "The Dub Rebellion".
"Hey Izaque, did you heard this song already?" I ask pointing to the video on the screen while looking at him.
"No, let's hear it," he replies.
I play the video and we headbang in together, it is like a Dubstep song mixed with Reggae and stuff, the voice of the man is so good, I love it.
The lyrics are amazing, and we love that part before the drop when he says "Nuclear bass face", the drop is very cool too, I love Subtronics.
We sing together through the entire song and we play it a lot of times.
"That song is so cool man, I love Subtronics, I love this ragga style too, it is so awesome!" says Normal Earth Izaque in excitement.
"Yeah, me too, I love the bass and the voice of the singer, when he says 'Nuclear bass face' it sounds so cool," I reply.

